00:00:00	

Speaker 1:	 This is a rather difficult one to keep together. So there's this room -- machine that someone's set up in their house. And then -- when in actual was the guy later on in the flick that was in the mirror recording it all. This is very complex and even though there's going to be advancements to the ball moving it all seems to pretty much blend together in retrospect. The first ball start off then the first section I remember is where the metal balls, there's five of them on the to go -- section. So then the silver ball go through the fidget spinners then I lost track of the ball for a second but then there's at the top of the screen the -- yogurt whatever it was that kept the track moving. Then there was an element with a race car going down a long what probably looked to be pink track. Then we were at I believe at some point off in the bathroom and there was a long tongue looking thing that was going very slowly that triggered the toilet and then the toilet paper rolled down. Then there was elements on a bookshelf with the building ball, the motion implemented the little moving up. At some point we went on a table. I should probably—before the bathroom I think it was the kitchen. The water filled up the pitcher and that kept the movement on. I can't remember now if that was before the bathroom or after the bathroom. Then moving on the biggest thing was the for the ball's moving on a desk and the laptop is triggered so you're seeing the camera and film. Put the can of film of motion the ball's moving. Then at some point we transition into looks like the bedroom. There is an iPhone which calls another iPhone to get it to vibrate to further kick off the motion. Then there's a shirt that flies through the air, kicks off the next element. All this leads up to triggering opening the last door to motion aptly outside on the with the skateboard, to a stone wall outside which ultimately triggers some element on a pulley going to a deck with looks like summer drinks.

00:03:02	File end

