00:00:00	

Speaker 1:	 With the looking inside the one house, the main house where everything takes place out to the yard and you see the I guess the couple, the man, the wife probably a father, mother. And you see them opening this painting of this -- something. Then the scene fades from them being intimate to suddenly a child is born. It's almost as if they're just moving into the house. The baby is starting to develop and there is a birthday party with a large number of people there. Candles are blown out on the cake. The parents seem like they are in constant home repair during the entire like the movie, remodeling the house to I guess kind of suit their moods. The two children looks like two boys are very fixated on the television. Things look relatively happy for a while. You see the what seems like everyone getting older in the scenes and the furniture and surrounding scenes of the house change and become more modern. The earlier stages the TV I noticed was very outdated. And then you seem to come into modern times with the electronics and the home --. Then at some point during the movie the older of the two children annoys the father that prompts him to move out. He moves out. The other younger brother looks a little despondent due to that. The parents try to bribe him with a Nintendo 64 unit. After that I assumed he rejects it because he gets up out of the chair. He takes the original painting that the couple when they first moved in the house had and he puts it in the fireplace. Surprisingly enough the mother or father stop him or take the painting out. Then later the brother comes back in a truck with what appears to be a girlfriend, lady friend and the parents are glad to see him as least the mother does and then he starts talking to his little brother. Then it looks like he convinces his little brother to come leave the home with him. The mother looks concerned. The father looks around, seems very self-reflective and they leave. We see the truck and they head out.

00:03:00	File end

