00:00:00	

First I would like to say that's a pretty complicated way of making lemonade I guess but it's a really cool video. I haven't -- so much physics since I graduated college or stuff like that. But it was—it's a really cool video. It start out with lemons and that were let's say if life gives you a lemon and then you have to go through all this complicated steps of balls moving one place that are hitting the stuff. And at the end he got his lemonade essentially outside where the lemon actually started from so that was really cool. And I think the video could have been a simpler way of doing it but then complication in it and made it a better video so to speak. And I'm wondering how much time he actually put into it? How much effort he actually put into making this whole thing? And how much help he had as well? Yeah, he did a great video of following everything. His master graphics that was on parallel. And it's funny how the lemon or the whole process that is from the kitchen, went to the living room, went to the bathroom, went somewhere else, his office. There's even a phone call and then it finally went outside and that's where he had his lemonade. So I think more or less in here is that maybe once you are—life give you a lemon or something bad maybe it will seem like it's never going to end, gets complicated. Rather than I guess there is always light at the end of the tunnel. I guess that was more of a lesson at the end of the video or at least that's what I kind of got from it. I think that's why he made it a little bit as complicated as it was. But yeah, I think it's a great video and he tried really well to make everything --. I'm not sure how many times he repeated this or what happened when he repeated it. I'm sure he really put so much effort and time into it and made this a very—this is a great video. So ultimately it was just one person taking this whole video. I would assume he had a lot of help from other people. It was—I don't think it would take one person to make one's life just like you can't always do everything by yourself. I think he didn't do this whole thing by himself, and he did really have help. -- of our life you can always ask for help when you need it from whoever I guess.

00:03:00	File end

