00:00:00	

Speaker 1: Throughout this video it shows a woman she's wearing like a black shirt and -- jeans. She wakes up in a room and grabs a glass of water off the bedside table. The only things in the room are the bedside table and a bed. When she first wakes up she hears a voice that says iteration one, 60 seconds remaining. She finds this disc on the floor then she eventually realizes when she stands on it the door at the other end unlocked so she wants to remain on it for the door to be unlocked. After 60 seconds she passes out or and then restarts again on iteration two which tells us 60 seconds. It's a very small maybe like 10 by 10 room full of white tiles on the wall and also the events in the past are then still done almost simultaneously. So when she stood on the disc in one iteration and then passed out she is still standing on the disc and then it will escape the room in the next iteration. She is able to leave the first room and goes on to the next room which is full of balloons. And it has a pillow full of pins, so she is able to pop the balloons. She is looking for a key that she eventually finds after many iterations of just popping the balloons slowly. And from there goes on to the next room which has a large tree and an axe. She over many iterations starts chopping away at the tree believing the result is to chop the tree down. At one point she finds that the tree just grows back when she gets far enough along and feels she has wasted a lot of time. Overall she gets very good at knowing what's going on in the iterations where she's going to wake up and grab the glass before she knocks it over in one of the iterations. At one point the tree grows back she is very frustrated, decides to just drove her axe through the wall and is able to break through the wall. On the other end she finds an empty room in which case a man eventually breaks through another wall of the room and meets her there. They hug. They do not seem to know each other very well but they're obviously very emotionally trust. I believe he said he was on iteration 60 and she's around 20. It means they've been doing this for some time. The video ends with them not knowing what to do. They get frustrated and they somewhat run towards the camera while breaking through walls. The camera will then zooms out and shows that this is a large creator maze that has many other people in it and all the rooms look very similar. This feels almost like a torture device that would be compared to like the hell image that ancient Greeks or Romans used where you're just constantly getting menial tasks for no reason. Overall the man is wearing a grey shirt and jeans which is similar in style to what the woman is wearing. The walls are all white grids with white floors, all very brightly lit, and it feels very sterile.


00:03:02	File end

