00:00:00

So this was another thing that kind of started very negatively. At the beginning I thought it was too of like—it was somewhere—I got a feeling that it happened somewhere in the future that she was trapped in a either some kind of a research lab, kind of like -- . Or she was trapped in some kind of a not really psychiatric hospital, I wouldn't say that. But like a research lab and then she had to drink—no, the glass fell on the floor, that was creepy and then she had 10 seconds before she collapsed, and the cycle started again. And then the second basically the thing pulled her in a way. But then she kind of found a way out of the first room and out of the second room towards the room with the tree and it became more and more obvious that she's learning with each step. And she became aware that at the beginning you could see kind of like the fear and terror in her eyes. And then she became excited, motivated like I'm going to do this. And then suddenly the tree started to heal back, and it was kind of a setback and she already wanted to give up like she in the next phase, in the next cycle she didn't even want to leave the bed. She was discouraged but then again found another kind of a chance to look at the problem from a different angle and she actually found a solution in not chopping up the tree but chopping down the wall. So that was a nice kind of a way to show that there's always two sides of one coin. And then she in the next room basically she ran into this man who was trying to do the same thing and they joined the power. This was so nice. They saw each other and they kind of felt the same, hugging each other. And they shared the power in getting out of this puzzle and basically found new hope of getting out of this whatever they were trapped in. For a second it kind of reminded me of one of those escape rooms so maybe like the escape room of the future or something like that. But she was definitely not willingly in there in the beginning I mean, at all. So but she didn't grow in optimism, and she was trying to get out and didn't have planning and was really like—maybe she was planning for the first few cycles like maybe two or three. But then she became motivated to get out and it was really encouraging again showing that persistence pays off and sometimes you have to look at the thing from a different angle to see it. And then that it's good to have a partner or to cooperate with people that one person is a tree in that sense that you need other people to get out of the problem sometime. And so I really liked the entire concept. It's really kind of creepy but then it really evolved into a nice little thing, and I enjoyed it but it was really nice.

00:03:02	File end

