00:00:00

Okay, so this is definitely a very interesting clip. I kept wondering how long did it take them to build this? There were clearly two people. I'm not sure one of them might be a man. I saw a man in the mirror filming and then there was another pair of feet on top of the bed. So I'm assuming two people at least for building this but then again there was one scene in which we could see a total of maybe seven friends. So, probably more than two people building this but two people definitely filming this, at least two people. It was really interesting how they managed to use everyday objects and connect them together. They must have had a very well-drawn plan because it was literally happening in every single room of the apartment. It started in the kitchen then went to the bedroom, to the bathroom and back into the kitchen I think and then went outside to serve them a lemonade. so very interesting engineering and engineer skills. I like the move with the cell phone where they were in one room and then they went into the other room and the cell phone was vibrating and basically it fell down and then started a whole new section. That was an interesting way to connect two parts. I also liked the part with the four, five marbles. Not marbles, they were kind of balls. How they had to fill in how the four of them actually had to make a bridge so that the fifth could go and continue but there was definitely an interesting film that they made. There was one part where the laptop was filming what was happening in the background, that was kind of interesting. But, really they used everyday objects from roller blades to just like kitchen utensils, little cups, balls, bathroom objects, a little duck. That was also kind of funny. There was also a small little—a little gecko or something in the bathtub. What I thought was they were probably students just you know building this for fun. They seemed like young people. There was one scene where you could see a suitcase and a backpack in the background, so I was wondering if they travel a lot. They didn't have a lot of books so that surprised me but other than that, it was definitely an interesting engineeral skill. Most, I was thinking how long it took them to build that and how they had to calculate all sorts of angles for the things to fall perfectly. I could definitely not do that, that was amazing. I hope they—I hope this goes out that they put it on YouTube. I'm sure they're going to. This is going to be a very popular video.

00:03:01	File end

