00:00:00	

Speaker 1:	 So a woman wakes up in a blank room, very sci-fi. A cup of water just drops, jumps away from her, and falls to the floor and she has no idea what's going on. And she immediately faints after either the countdown, so she faints. And then the next countdown it's her plug the out—or the shadow or figure of her previous version that had been going through it. So slowly she goes through this obstacle course using herself as she is -- moment and all the past iterations of her, the other version. So she goes from one room having to open the door by standing on a little—what? I don't know floor button. She goes through the door. She has to pop all these balloons -- the door. She spends 15 iterations or so trying to chop down a tree with a small hatchet. And then after being frustrated she uses the hatchet to break down the door or break down the wall and simultaneously another person is—comes into her room. When they see each other they hug and then the next iteration they want to keep going. By the end of it I wasn't sure she obviously knew the guy, so I wasn't sure if they had entered some kind of game together like Black Mirror and it just turns out they were all like doing it for fun and had agreed to go into it. But when the camera pans out you can see that there's endless number of rooms and obstacle courses that they can go through. So I'm not sure if they were put there or they chose to be there. It just looks super frustrating although I would have been way more frustrated than she is. She seems quite close with the person so they -- evidently though to get out they have to agree to do the thing together. And then when they stay one more then that they wanted to possible keep playing the game or whatever it was, so it was interesting. I definitely credit to her for not just giving up the whole time, I probably would have. Although it took her a really long time to ultimately get with it although. So definitely wouldn't have had the guts to chop down the tree. Probably would have just gone through the wall the first thing that occurred to me. The guy seemed kind, did not get a personality from him. I like sci-fi. 

00:02:54	File end

