00:00:00	

Speaker 1:	 Okay, during this movie it starts out with the mom of Tommy and Tiny telling them that their dinner is ready. She pulled it out of the oven and Tommy came running down the stairs and stole most of what was on Tiny's plate. It was like French fries or something. And when she came down she was annoyed that he was eating it. And then it goes on—clearly they're siblings. And then it goes on to kind of have some other scenes showing that Tommy is a bully. Like he takes her seat on the bus and he tries to distract her on the race. But throughout the movie you can see that Tiny kind of keeps to herself but she's really smart and she's working on this project that's clearly too intense for her age. But she's reading all these books and doing these complicated math problems and then she's out in her garage. She's kind of sneaking out at night and her mom hears her sneaking out. Doesn't really know what it is and she's just doing this big welding project. And she was just this really cute little girl and toward the end of the movie the brother is doing homework in his room and he's looking at his watch. And he goes out, his lights start flickering so he goes to kind of see what's going on. And he goes toward I guess the garage and he sees Tiny in there welding something and doing something intense so that she has this like iPad looking thing where she's doing something. And then at the end it all kind of becomes clear that she's building this time machine so that she can go back to that original scene where he stole her food and he—she could take his and put it on her plate. And she kind of gives him a little smirk and he kind of realizes what happened too. And then at the end there's a scene of her standing with the machine and it just says Tiny's time machine. This movie overall like the way it was shown was kind of dark and you couldn't always see completely what was going on. And I kind of assumed that the mom was a single mom, and she was rooting for her kids during the race, but it was kind of funny that she didn't sit with her kids during dinner. She kind of just made it for them and plopped it down on their plate. But overall it was an interesting one and oh, all the characters were British. I guess we heard them talk a couple of times and the mom talk in the beginning. 

00:02:56	File end

