00:00:00	

This movie is about a—or the life of a family. How it the family begins and we’re watching the family grow and all the members of the family get older. What I remember is a couple, at first I believe they—I guess it's they're getting their first house together. And later on you see as the camera pans around as it does the entire time in the film you see the just the couple together and they're enjoying their time together. Then you see the woman is pregnant and then you see that she had her child. And then you see the family celebrating what we guess is the child's birthday. He's pretty old like maybe six or so the next time we see him. And then later on you see that there are—end up being two children with the mother and the father. The mother and father—or the kids are always playing around and the mother and father are one time speaking about what is—what I believe is expanding the house that they live in making some renovations to it. Later on we see the kids playing while the parents are renovating the house and they're—they end up actually fighting or like arguing with each other which it gets to a point where we can't hear what they're saying or at all during the film. There's no like words that we can hear. You can only hear the tension as the voices rise which I believe is out of anger. And the boys later on you can see as the film goes on they're really very calm but they have this more—not morbid dreary or dreadful spirit about them. They kind of just sit down in front of the TV for several years. You just see them grow and get older. They kind of just sit down in front of the TV and just watch TV the whole time as the parents are doing whatever they're doing. The mom and dad are fighting or they're working on something and they're not really paying attention to their children. The brother one time looked out the window. He sees another a couple I guess across the street. He just hears them laughing and he just like talks to his brother and he looks remorseful because he kind of wishes that was their family I'm guessing. The brother then grows up. The oldest brother kind of grows up and decides to leave out the house. And then later when he comes back he realizes that his younger brother is kind of going through the same thing that he saw when he was growing up. And he decides to take him with him and try to show him I'm guessing a better life. The parents still are not engaging with the younger son so at the end we just see it kind of just dissolve into chaos.

00:03:05	File end

