00:00:00	

Well, that was much more interesting than the first video. This one had a story to tell, and I found it quite engaging for a variety of reasons. First of all it just sort of moves along and you can tell from the first couple of seconds that there was a story. There was a mother making dinner. It was exactly 6:00. She was using a timer to tell her when dinner was able to be taken out of the oven. The timer was an owl, which I thought was kind of cute. And then she took what looked like maybe pizza and French fries out of the oven. She puts it on the table and then you see the little boy come down and you could just tell by looking at him he was up to no good. He was kind of stereotypical kind of evil little kid, and we see him take the food off of his sister's plate and then she comes down and she's got like three French fries on her plate. She's very mad at him. He's looking very smug. I immediately disliked the little boy. I thought, he's really awful and then you see the next scene things pretty much repeating. You see the mother again taking the food out, the pattern repeats a couple of times. And then you see the girl reading a book and I thought, that looks like a really advanced book. She looked like she was only maybe I don't know six years old. She appeared to be reading a kind of complicated book. I thought, now what's happening? I found it intriguing and a little bit confusing. And then later on you see her sneak out of the house with some kind of weird big tube and she's—you can't tell what's going on. Why is she sneaking out? I thought, where is this going? And you see a second scene where she's got like a car battery charger and she's putting them together. And I thought, this is kind of turning into a sci-fi movie. Still didn't quite get where this is going and then we see the race and the boy distracting her kind of cheating, getting her to look the other way so he can take off and run and win the race. I really disliked this little boy at that point. And then we see her plotting revenge and creating this machine that sort of distracts him and scares him and you don't—I first thought she was going to blow up the house. And then you see that she's just basically preventing him from going downstairs and she's victorious at the end and I thought it was actually a cute little video.

00:03:04	File end

