00:00:00

Wow okay, I actually really enjoy those type of videos. Part of me believes this person actually filmed it either out of order or it just took a lot of time because the time on the microwave was 3:52 when he was in the kitchen in the beginning. And when he was in the room with the clock and the slime, and the slime took forever it was like it looked like 3:30. So I'm not quite sure how he filmed it but nevertheless it was honestly really cool. A lot to do just to get a glass of lemonade. I kept getting distracted with things in the background whenever it was like a slower moving part, or I would try to guess what was going to happen. Like I think at one point there was a dinosaur in the thing. I also could not read the sign that he had up on a bush at the end. I think it just said this way or something like that. It had an arrow on it. You did get to see him once. He had on shorts I think. They were blue. He had an actual video camera which not many people have nowadays at least of that standard. But I'm also very impressed about the amount of kitchen utensils he had in the beginning. I don't think people usually own that many or at least I never have. But no, it was a very—he included his whole house I believe because he went from the kitchen to his dining roomish area, living room. Well the bedroom came before the living room I believe. I do remember a picture of I would assume either family or friends going across when it was the ball thing was going across the table I believe. But no, I know those things usually take a lot of time to actually set up. And the—in the bedroom after the phone fell off the—what was that? Nightstand and eventually caused the shirt to go across. I don't know why I found that the most impressive kind of besides the thing going across the lawn that I could not tell what it could have been. I thought it was a drone at first, but it was definitely not a drone. But no, it's very intricate, very creative. Good stuff.

00:03:03	File end

