00:00:00	
Speaker 1:	So the movie depicts that life as a series of challenges, and it started with her making the mistakes and then falling on her knees and restarting the same thing and but learning from those mistakes that she made from previous iteration. Which iteration was like 62nd and then that 62nd she would make a mistake next time learn about it, so she doesn't repeat it again. Then as she passes the first room she gets into the second room with the balloons. So the third time she realizes that she shouldn't just like randomly pop the balloons. She should find the source of the problem kind of. And then the third room when she gets in initially she sees the tree and she thinks that axe is for the tree to cut the tree but that is not kind of the case. It's kind of resemble that when you're trying to solve a problem or like overcome a challenge there are things around you that they can distract you easily. You just should not give up if your first solution doesn't work you have to get back on your -- and try a different angle. Look at it at a different angle, try to solve it. And it shows persistency, she was persistent. She I mean yeah, on the 50th time she was too frustrated that's why she stayed on her bed, and she didn't want to like continue but eventually she started again, and she kept going. She like—I don't think she even thought about like throwing the axe on the wall and figuring out that she can cut the wall basically. But the attempt that she made eventually like help her out and she at the end she's seeing another person, another guy which I can assume he has done. He has gone through the same challenges, and he has the same personality as her and he's persistent in overcoming his obstacles now. The last scene shows that the both of them try to work together maybe to achieve a higher goal, better output, outcome. And maybe like in life you want to find that person that can help you rise up rather than make you disappointed about life so it's --.

00:03:00	File end

