00:00:00

Okay, so first off the whole ambience of the movie was kind of creepy. I don’t know if that's what they were going for. The score of the film was creepy as well and just the color choices of just muted, blurry palettes was just kind of gave it like a horror movie-esque vibe. But it was interesting watching the parents who seemed to have a pretty loving relationship at first when they first came to the house and then eventually just kind of I don't want to say lose interest in each other, but something definitely changed within them for them to have both sons eventually walk out. I also thought it was a very interesting touch that the painting from—all right the painting that was seen during I guess the creation of the first son. The second son actually took it off the wall and threw it into the fire. I don't know if they were trying to get a point across with that, but it was a very interesting point with that. Also I don't know who the woman was that got out of the truck with the oldest son at the end. I don't know if that was like another family member or if that was just his girlfriend or what was that. I don't know why she stood out so much. It was really cool like I'm guessing it started off sometime in the '70s and worked it's way up to like '80s, '90s because it did show an older Macintosh which is now an Apple computer because they don't make desktops anymore. As well as like the N64 and hearing the Game Boy noise when the youngest child was sitting at the table. It's kind of nostalgic. I haven't heard that in quite some time. But the mother was definitely not for the youngest leaving as well. The father I think could care less. I don't know he just seemed like he wasn't all the way there at that point where the mother was at least kind of trying. But at that point I feel like those kids were pretty much done with their parents and just wanted out. It was interesting they kept showing the house across the street. I don't know if that was just to help us like transition but the boy drawing the smiley face within the window of the other house was at like kind of the beginning was interesting. I don't know what was up with that. But yeah, kind of creepy, kind of weird, interesting.

00:03:03	File end

