00:00:00	

Speaker 1:	All right, so the video I just watched was a video?—I forget what the name of a jerry-rigged system like that’s called. But it basically was basically a jerry-rigged system of this person had set up across the entire house made up of household items. And he started it by I think like placing a ball in some sort of a contraption. And that led to a series of other events that kind of just built off of each other. And he would use again like I said household items so like plates, spoons. There was like a couple Lego sets, cell phones, computers, toilet paper. A lot of marbles were used so the weight of the marbles would kind of like drop on other objects that would like start another cascade of events. And it started in his kitchen when all across the counter, went down onto the dining room table then across the kitchen space into what I think was a living room. And then it went down into a bathroom across an office space and then into more of like a den area. And then it actually went outside and then outside the final event in the series was the?—that lemonade was poured into cups from a very large jar. I was unbelievably impressed by this [laughs]. That must have taken him forever to set up. And there was so many details in that that had to be perfectly precise in order for it to all fit together. I did notice that the timing of this video was 4:30 PM from the clock in the background. And it appears that he is one of a single member of a family of five from the photo or maybe it's a group of five friends. But he's videoed this on a handheld video camera, not an iPhone or anything like that, just like a regular video camera. And it is a male and yeah, he has a nice backyard. Very nice backyard, lots of greenery. And I'm not sure what else to say but the?—oh, one of my favorite parts was he had two cell phones kind of synced up to each other. And one calling the other one caused the other one to vibrate and start another ricochet of events was pretty cool. 
 
00:03:00	File end

