00:00:00

Wow again this is a really cool contraption set up that moved from room to room in the house. It started in the kitchen and there were balls rolling in one area that was set up for another --. So there was teapots rolling, balls rolling, dominoes falling, -- rolling, glasses being tapped. There was fast bits and slow bits. One of the slow bits was the -- waiting for a jug to fill. Then the transitions between rooms was done with a Hot Wheel car. We went to the kitchen through some of the rooms to the bathroom. The bathroom had lots of cool stuff. It had one of the slow things which was the toilet seat closing for setting off a toilet roll rolling. Another one of the really slow things was a slime falling and there was a clock on the wall and the clock even looked like it had been sped up. At one point we got to see the guy who built it in his house building it. His reflection was in the mirror. So many various contraptions it was quite amazing. The Hot Wheel took us to the living room once again and there were things sliding down ziplines, be it shirts or fans blowing balloons on to a cactus which knocked over the book. The balloon popped. Went through so many rooms but even outside where planks of wood were being knocked down even by a skateboard. Some of my favorites were the little marble runs. There was a marble run toy device where the little, large marbles fell, shot down. There were balls in tubes. There were lots of—another slow thing was the it looked like Lego or Meccano slowing turning down a ramp. At the end the a long zipline across the hill outside the garden it's there we saw a flash of a sign for a lemonade stand. And the tap on the lemonade even opened and a glass was poured which the guy took at the end and even then more glasses slid down so more lemonade could be poured. I think it's really creative. I don't know how he lived in the house while building all those contraptions or seeing at least the toilet for a while maybe he had to put that contraption in. It was a really cool device and a fun video to watch.

00:03:04	File end

