00:00:00	

Speaker 1:	Wow, that's the most ridiculous -- I've ever seen. So I don't know what's more impressive, the contraption itself or the camera work that went into it. It's crazy. I'm even impressed by how clean the house is. When you make—when life hands you lemons you make lemonade. So I love the subtle touches and some of the things like the camera phone vibrating, the golf ball bouncing off the bookshelf. The subtle pushes and touches that you're not quite sure they probably didn't work out the first time. There's a lot of experimentation and probably have to affect each room and do a series of segmentations so that to make sure that you know every section one through 20 worked and section 21 through 40 worked, et cetera, et cetera before trying to string it all together. But it's kind of incredible. I can't believe that it was done in one shot although that was that would have to be the way you do that. But also a beautiful time of day to shoot something like that. A lot of direct light, not really any shades in the house so you get a lot of hard lines. Probably my favorite part is the ball bearings on the platform, how essentially did like almost like a pinball machine knocking all four ball bearings down until the last one is left and almost—you almost don't get it all the way across, but it does and they hit the fidget spinners. I just find it very impressive, very obsessive but again give credit to the filmmaker. Just the shot selection, the way that it goes through every part of the house, and it really incorporates like in the kitchen it uses you know the teapot and the coffee mug. And the on the bookshelf it uses books like ramps. In the bathroom it has rubber duckies and even the in the bedroom it has the shirt on the hanger. But like every—all the household objects that are used for it really that fit each room, in each scene really helped to show the sense of space in our picture. Even though it's a fairly small modest house you really get the sense of scale and its randomness just by how intricate the contraption is. And then in the very end you go out to the large expanse of the backyard.
 
00:03:01	File end

