00:00:00	

Speaker 1: So there's a video it was one of those like Roy G something videos I think is the exact name. But all they're trying to do is in the very end have a very inefficient way to pour some lemonade. It looks like this person's creating elaborate ways to do this obviously. It starts off with a bunch of balls bouncing in different ways to activate each other to go down to the ramps. I remember the first two balls were yellow for some reason. From there it launches many things, so just like race cars or Hot Wheels and different things like that. So overall from my memory it just from start to finish it starts with a bunch of balls bouncing to activate each other in different ways of physics. Many cars are activated by children's toys such as Hot Wheels or it uses those what's it called? Those wooden just tracks in general. It's probably a specific name which I'm blanking on right now and allows them to just continue going down. They also used a lot of different marbles, different levels to get things to activate. One of the more interesting ones was when he used a one of the buttons activated and pressed it to call somebody on a telephone and it cause the other telephone to vibrate off a ledge. I was actually really terrified that they were going to just break their phone the entire time. They should have had an OtterBox or something. From then the video they started with what must have been inside. Starts with what's inside of a living room. They go to different bedrooms potentially. They go to a bathroom then outside where the lemonade is eventually poured -- thing. There's one point in the video where you get to see the camera guy through a mirror for a second. You see he's holding a large HD video camera and doing this. I assume he's some sort of engineer to have been able to figure all these things out. And also he has a lot of toys around the house, I mean you could assume they have a lot of children or something like that. Overall in the video there are a lot of just different techniques or things like that implemented. A lot of them fall like lots of large tracks which probably took frigging forever to put together. The entire time during the video I assumed that if he has people that he lives with they must have hated taking this on because it probably took forever wanted to you can't really use the house the entire time and in fear of tearing it all down. One of the unique—other unique ones that I remember in the video is he has the toilet lid lower, and it activates a roll of toilet paper to just roll down and unravel and knock the next set of events to go off which is pretty cool. There's also an event there where like a large—two very long poles are attached to a little cylindrical object and it just kind of slides down the ramp slowly and takes a very long time. You can also notice in the video there's a lot of time altering because some things took a very long time. So just when they used a candle and the wax to drip down to activate the next part of it.
 
00:03:00	File end

