00:00:00	

Okay, so this is going to be kind of difficult to fill this full three minutes with because there's a lot going on. It was very engaging but I'm not really sure about all the things that I saw. But I'll say that there are a lot of—sorry, that was a Rube Goldberg I believe the name is of the type of system that is. So a Rube Goldberg is like different things or everyday items put together that touch each other and push each other and lift each other and drag each other in order to help an everyday mundane activity be completed from what I remember from school [laughs]. So there was—that was the longest one I've ever seen. There were a lot of balls being rolled around and they would hit random things like pieces of wood or there was a light bulb I remember at one time that hit a piece of wood. And there were books and the ball rolled through the books and [laughs] Okay, so there was a shirt on a hanger that flew down a string of rope or of a tiny little thread. And there was bottles that were being knocked down and tiny little cars that were pushing things. And at one point they had a whole like it was a couple of minutes maybe like not 30 minutes. I don't think that was that long but like 15 minutes or so of an item that was dripping out of maybe it was yogurt or like a it looked like a clayish viscosity. And it was dripping down into another cup, and they literally had the camera sit there and watch that for however long it took for this to happen. That was interesting. I've never seen that happen before. There was a lot of that famous one where like the domino effect and so it wasn't actual dominoes. So that had like you know several different items of the same you know triangular shape inside stacked up behind each other. And they would—those would fall down and then hit something else that would start something else. There was a lot of ball—like a ball jumping or being pushed up into the air, thrown into the air. And then it would land somewhere else, once again I was not expecting [laughs]. There was a lot of different turns and twists that this took but at the end the activity that the all these things were made to complete was lemonade or some yellowish drink being poured into a cup. And also the cup at the bottom had little tiny cars that would push them into place to get poured eventually so yeah, describes.

00:03:06	File end

