00:00:00	

Speaker 1:	I am honestly I'm very confused about this video. So it opens up it follows a family again. It looks to appear a single mom with two kids, a daughter, and a son. The son appears to be older. I think his name is Tommy. And the daughter's name is Tiny. And the very first opening scene already establishes a power dynamic between the brother and the sister. So it's the mom calls them down for dinner and Tommy runs down quick and kind of takes all of the food or almost all the food off on Tina's plate or Tiny's plate. So established at the very beginning is a sense of the older brother kind of bullying his younger sister. And this is reiterated as the following scenes kind of move forward. He steals her spot on the bus. He kind of puts her at a disadvantage for a running race. And it is—the mom is pretty absent during this whole thing, but it does appear that in a few scenes she does appear in it doesn't seem that she's aware of this bullying dynamic between the two of them. And it looks like Tiny lives more in the attic of the house and it's hard to see because it was really dark but it seems that she's really smart. She's always reading. She's doing math. She—and then in the middle of the film she starts to build something kind of in the dark at night it seems. She uses flashlights and complicated math equations and a soldering tool. At one point as she's building this it's kind of just flashing back to her older brother just eating a bunch of food. So showing that she's kind of more independent and a thinker and he's just kind of complacent. And then at the end of the film I'm not sure what she built but it was kind of like a metal contraption, kind of looked like a Hershey Kiss. And for some reason she had like an iPod looking device and it had a 17 minute 55 second timer on it. And the brother caught a glimpse of her making the machine but I'm not sure what the outcome of that was. And then the next scene a flash to the little girl and the boy at the dinner table but the girl had gotten all of the food. So maybe it's like a time traveling device or it's some—I'm not really sure what it is.
 
00:03:00	File end

