00:00:00	

Speaker 1:	This clip basically was showing two siblings and a mother. The brother was older and then the sister was younger, and the brother was kind of bullying his younger sister. So harassing her being unfair to her by stealing her food and then also you know doing things like distracting her before the race begun so he could have a head start. But mainly as we saw he kept stealing the food all for himself and the girl just sort of felt worse and worse like she couldn't do anything. You saw her being sad after she lost the race too and the mother is ignorant to all of this happening. She then thinks up of a way to get back at her little brother and she invents this time machine which we saw that she went outside to I'm not—the part where she went outside is actually not pretty clear. I don't know why she went outside during that nighttime where the mom looked outside and saw there was nothing there, but you could clearly see her go somewhere else. And then it's—and then it connected to the race, but it doesn't really make sense why did she go outside? I guess to collect maybe some materials for her time machine. And then you see basically her taking revenge and by going back in time to all the times where he would get there before her and steal her share of the food. You saw her get before her brother and does the same thing that he's been doing to her. And you just kind of saw his rejected face at the end and that was funny. And she—I mean she's a pretty smart kid. They show her doing all this math and building it and then she also uses her iPad or tablet as a timer to go back in time and look at the time. I noticed that the kids all have watches which is how I think they keep track of time. And especially for the boy because I'm sure he would time it exactly to the minute so he could get there before his sister and get her portion of the food. But it was a nice little story about revenge, about a girl who was tired and fed up of her mistreatment by her older brother. And she decided to take matters into her own hands by creating a time machine that will take her back in time so she could steal the food that he used to steal from her.
 
00:03:01	File end

