00:00:00	

So I've seen videos like that before but that was definitely one of the longest ones. I kind of—I find them kind of satisfying to watch. I just think that they're really interesting because I feel like to do that you have to be really creative and also really patient because you kind of go by trial and error where you start to see if you could get things to move in the motion that you want. And what you did if something's not working, just kind of developing a way to get the process to keep going. For especially for the part where it was the silver balls rolling and it was one after another. I thought that was funny that they took the time to have multiple ones fall in that little nook so that the last one could roll across all of them. And that part where it showed the time, the clock—the time on the clock speeding up and that green goo falling down into the cup. I thought that was kind of funny because that was unnecessary but also satisfying that it worked. There's also another part really quickly where the guy who was recording the video you were able to see a part of his body in the mirror as he's moving. And I was kind of interested to get a better look of what that person looked like just because I'm curious to know like what type of person has the time to build all of that. I thought it was really neat how they built all of that around their entire house. And I thought if they gave out how long they had everything set up for as the video was going on because I feel like especially in a home where you have to use the toilet stuff to have some set up on that. I don't know. And then towards the end when it got outside I was kind of curious to know like okay, what's the final output going to be? What's the purpose of all of this? And when I saw that it was just to pour a drink I think it looked like lemonade into a cup I thought that was a little funny too because that—all of that was completely unnecessary although it was satisfying to watch just to get a drink.

00:03:04	File end

