00:00:00	

So this is a pretty good film, was kind of like the film Cube. A woman wakes in a room. She doesn't know where she is. She doesn't know how she got there. She doesn't know what she's supposed to do. And gradually it becomes evident that she needs to go from room to room. Each room has a different puzzle that she has to solve in order to get out of that room and into the next room. The trick is it's a time loop film, kind of like Groundhog Day but more like a time loop puzzle that a musician would use in order to lay down successive tracks and play over themselves and with themselves. So this woman gradually realizes that what she's done in each of the previous iterations continues to happen going forward and then she can build upon what she's done and eventually work with herself and a partner --. In the first room the challenge is to stand on a button which unlocks the door and allows her to get into the next room. In the second room at first she thinks the challenge is to pop all of the balloons and then she sees the key lock on the door and realizes that she needs to find a key hidden in one of the balloons. In the third room there's a massive tree in the center of the room and an axe and so the first connection she makes is they want me to chop down this massive tree. And she spends iterations and iterations trying to help herself to cut down this massive tree and then ultimately abandons that when she observes the tree is regenerating. And then it occurs to her — out of frustration at first she throws the axe against the wall and then it occurs to her because she has an axe that she can use it to just break down the wall. She doesn't have to play the game anymore. In the next room that she goes into she encounters a man who's breaking through the opposite wall at the same time, and they are—it's not clear if they know one another from before. Probably they don't but they recognize that they're in the same situation and they're so overjoyed and relieved to have found companionship in their situation. And ultimately they decide to continue meeting up and working together to explore together and try to find a way out of this maze.

00:03:02	File end

