00:00:00	

Speaker 1:	So it seems like the girl and the guy—well we find out that there's other people—well other people as another person at the end. But initially it looks like she's stuck in some sort of simulation or like a big experiment where she needs to figure out what to do on every level because it wants to progress into the other one before the time runs out. And obviously the first couple attempts—well at the first room when she wakes up she's scared, the glass falls. Until she gets used to it and then she realizes that there are mirror copies of her that performed the action that she performed in the last simulation. So she uses that to her advantage and I'm guessing so does the guy in order to progress. So in the first one she stands on the thing until the time runs out which basically makes her wake up again on the bed. But since her clone stood there the last time—since she herself stood there the last time she's able to progress to the next level which is a balloon one. And so the first couple of times she just tries popping all the balloons but that doesn't work because the timer keeps running out. Until she notices there's a lock on the door and then she notices a balloon that has a key. I personally wouldn't have noticed that. I don't know how she did, but she manages to open the door and she didn't have to really pop all the balloons out. And then at the very last one that's the one with the -- she tries chopping the tree down with the axe that's provided but the tree heals itself basically. And so she—because she's obviously in despair so she tries another method the next time she wakes up. Well actually no, the next time she wakes up she just kind of gives up. She just goes back to sleep. And then the next time she just swings it around and it kind of hits the wall basically and then the wall is not exactly a wall. It kind of looks like it's cardboard and then it breaks. And then she basically tears through that and then she steps inside to a room that looks like it has nothing until on the other side the one is doing the same exact thing that she did, aka breaking through. And then it's a guy and then they touch them—they touch each other to see if they're real or not and then they hold each other as the counter counts down. And then at the next trial which is the very last one that they show us they meet again after going through all of the balloon popping, standing on the little halo thing, and breaking the walls. And then they are seen saying looks like there's something more to do and it kind of looks like they're about to attack the camera or us, like the viewer. But then they show like a sort of a big picture of what's happening, and it looks like there's many different rooms.
 
00:03:01	File end

