00:00:00	

Speaker 1:	The film started out with the mom making dinner. She calls the kids downstairs. The older brother comes down first, takes a bunch of the sister's food and puts it on his own plate. The sister doesn't say anything. She just sort of acknowledges the food and eats. After that they go to get on the bus. The brother runs ahead to find a seat. In the bus the sister is letting a kid on crutches go first but there's only one seat left. But instead the brother runs back and -- and takes the seat instead of letting the kid on crutches have it. The sister then is disappointed but doesn't say anything. So they started setting up this picture of the sister being a good person. The brother sort of being obnoxious. The sister's counting down days to something. It's just marked with an exclamation point. During this time they then have a race. I was a little bit confused about why the brother was rude to his sister and what kind of event that was. They seem like they're different ages, but it was part of a big event that by the way it's -- the brother points to the mom. The daughter's excited to see her but it's just a trick to get him to start first and so the sister is far behind. I think the race might have been another way to sort of use time. She's slower than the brother. The whole time I think it's just she doesn't want to fall behind the brother. Then we see her in her room working on different equations, working with lots of -- building something. We're not sure exactly what she's building. And so the last scene when the brother is working on his own homework or something, he's checking his watch so that we see it's almost 6:00 meaning dinner will be at 6:00 and he's checking his watch over and over again. The electricity flickers. He goes into the room and sees the sister welding something. Then marked with time that iPad or some little green. He then go downstairs for dinner, but she has beaten him down there because she made a time machine that lets her be faster than him apparently.

00:02:58	File end

