00:00:00	

Speaker 1:	 During this movie it showed one of those chain reaction things that people set up. I've seen videos like that before, but this is definitely the longest one I've ever seen. And it started out with when life gives you lemons this little thing and then the first thing that rolls is kind of gets the chain rolling is the lemon. Then it goes all this whole reaction goes all throughout the house and somebody's filming it the whole time. You can actually see multiples of people filming it at some point, at different points. And it's this is really creepy set up that they have, and it involves a lot of different things like a lot of different rooms like kitchens, bedrooms, living room, bathroom. And then it also has a lot of different tools that they use. So they use kitchen appliances, wooden spoons but then a lot of kids toys like train tracks and car tracks and specific little plastic set ups for balls and marbles and things like that. Something that I was thinking about during it was just like I was getting a little stressed out thinking about how hard it is to set up and then also how difficult it will be and how long it will take to clean it up. But also the thing how it was really satisfying to watch and have it go all the way. And then something that stressed me that was funny is when they had the one call the other phone and it vibrated off to get the next thing going. Then they had the putty turnover in the cup, and you see the clock. They speed it up and you can see clock going by fast and the putty goes down and moves the next thing. So one time they have a balloon do something and they have it set up near the cactus so once it moved over it popped by the cactus. But then at the end of the whole thing they have it go outside, and there's a skateboard and then there's this sort of thing on a hanging wire that goes over and pops open the thicket for a jar of lemonade so the whole thing can like when life gives you lemonade—lemons make lemonade. I thought it was funny how they kind of just set it up around their house without moving anything around. There were different parts where you could see plants underneath the tracks, and they used the toilet and just all different things throughout the house. I was wondering and everything during it how many people did it take to build it. There was at one point they showed a picture in a picture frame and multiple people in it so I was kind of assuming that those were the people that built it and how many of them were there and how long did it take? But it was satisfying to watch.

00:02:59	File end

