00:00:00	

Speaker 1:	It was kind of stupid, but I liked it. There's a lot of things that I thought were going to happen but didn't. For example when she drank the glass of water I thought that was going to mess everything up because it made so one of the iterations could function. When she went back into the axe room and there was the people chopping the tree I thought she was going to get hurt because she was going to get in the way of one of the people cutting, that never happened. I thought it was interesting that it showed that. Like no matter how many iterations you probably couldn't you know finish that even if the tree didn't regenerate. And then I thought that like when she saw it regenerate she was going to go back and kill herself with the axe which is probably a good thing that I'm not actually in that. I also would kill myself apparently. I know when she saw the guy I thought that they would keep cycling through the same thing over and over again until they realized that one of them would have to kill the other to get out of it. But again, I think I watch too many dystopias. It was also very frustrating for me in the beginning because as soon as I realized there was a thing on the floor I would have gotten it like sooner. You shouldn't have said the five, but I had to watch her freaking out on. Watching it reminded me a lot of the game Portal because you have to kind of shoot portals through different places, and you can put your hand through and then one part of you can be in one room doing something and the other part of you can be doing something else like in this. I think she was an okay actress. When she was kind of horrified in the room and she was a little bit over dramatic but beyond that she was pretty good. And the guy looks like—who's that guy? The guy that—Keanu Reeves. The guy that never ages. I would also just say that the tree wasn't actually the objective, so they had to figure that out. But I would have gone back into the other room and saw if you could chop down those walls too if that was the actual solution that you were supposed to get. I'd also think about climbing up the tree to see what's going on there because it seemed like there's wasn't a roof on anything. Yeah, there's a lot of emotions in it. It was interesting use of color. It'd be interesting to see a longer version of the movie.

00:03:01	File end

