00:00:00	

Yikes, I thought this video was really, really strange, and confusing and sort of upsetting and I really didn't know what to make of it. I found myself wracking my brain really trying to figure out what was going on. What was this video trying to portray? It appeared to be a kind of time-lapsed story about a family that seemed to be distressed pretty much in the entire movie. And it starts out with a—you see a mother. It appears to be a mother and she's pregnant. And then you see another woman in the kitchen with a baby and unclear if it's the same person and it's just a later period of time. And so the camera is panning through a house that it looks like the rooms are changing over time. There's a certain décor and color scheme in the beginning and then as the camera pans the room you're going into time lapse. And then the next scene seems to be a couple years later and then that goes on through the entire movie and it follows two boys, a brown-haired boy and a blond-haired boy who appear to be a couple years apart in age. And there seems to be like domestic distress between the parents, but you can't hear any dialogue because it appears to be some language you don't know. It's kind of irrelevant and I thought it had been shot in England because the house across the street it showed a lot of the thatched roof. And I thought, this must have been filmed maybe in England or maybe Scandinavia. And I didn't like it. I just thought it was just kind of mildly distracting the whole movie. And it also had kind of garish colors and the cinematography was kind of dark and shadowy. You couldn't really tell what was going on. I found it like not engaging and I kind of wanted it to end. And the relationship between the boys was a little peculiar. You see them together several times, they're watching TV. You see Legos on the floor. They seem to have you know a pretty good life. But the older boy with the brown hair seems to be not getting along with the dad. There's a dinner scene where he's kind of playing with his food and then the father yells at him abruptly. Then you see him apparently moving out. He's got a box and he's moving out. The mother seems distressed. Seems to be kind of saying don't go. You see a couple of scenes where the man and woman seem to be fighting. You see a lot of plastic sheets in the movie like they're renovating the house constantly and changing the décor at the end with the boy sort of standing --. I just thought it didn't make a whole lot of sense. I did not like it. 

00:03:06	File end

