00:00:00	

This video was really cool. It starts with a woman trapped by this kind of big maze, like big --. And there's a glass of water and medication on her bedside table and she goes through various iterations. The first iteration is she wakes up in a strange room and knocks over the glass of water and then each iteration spills on the last. The second time she wakes up and the echo of the previous iteration is there and so the glass is flying off the bedside table. And she slowly works out how to get out of the first room and in the second room and the shadows of the previous iterations follow her. The second room she tries to pop balloons and there's too many balloons. She thinks she has to pop them all and then the other iteration starts to pop balloons because that's what she did in the previous iteration. She works out to find a key in one of the balloons because there's a lock by the door and that gets her out the second cell -- into the third room where there's a tree and an axe. She figures out what to do and then the next time she goes straight into that room and picks up the axe and tries to start chopping down the tree. And this is her fast forwards to quite a few iterations getting the other shadows of previous iterations to help her chop down the tree. But eventually she realizes this isn't going to work because the tree regenerates even though she's got 10 or so iterations helping her chop it down. So in frustration she throws the axe at the wall, and she sees light in the second cell coming into her cell. And so she crashes through the wall with the axe and then the next iteration she does the same and she's crashing into a new cell. And then from the other side someone else is crashing into the cell. She realizes that there's other people in the cell. There's a man crashing through the cell, and they meet in the middle and because they are—they're in the same predicament they hug each other just because they're probably scared and confused, and human contact is reassuring. The next time though the man iteration and the woman iteration do the same thing and they check with each other, and she asks how many iterations did it take for the man to get into the cell they're sharing. I think he said 64 but she's worked it out in about 20, that's kind of a cool moment in the movie. And then together they start working together. They've broke through the last wall and start to smash through that but then the movie pans out and you realize that there are hundreds of cells in this world they're trapped in.

00:03:03	File end

