00:00:00	

Speaker 1:	 Okay, that's probably the most time and cost ineffective method of pouring a glass of lemonade in the history of mankind. The like series, maze or whatever we want to call that thing started in what looked like the kitchen. And I'm not actually totally sure how they got the microwave to swing open based on a spoon hitting it, but you know these are just details. And then it kind of looked like the track moved through the house from there. Most of the time yes, I'm kind of like ball and or track method. So microwave would swing open, hit something. The ball would roll down some kind of trackesque device and hit something else and off it would go. A couple of the notable ones where at one point it was just a coffee mug that rolled down a track and its handle was somehow perfectly timed to hit the next thing. There was the like marbles that all rolled in sequence, that was actually pretty cool. With the last marble that then kind of rolled through and I guess these are like the world's heaviest marbles because it managed to roll right through three of like those weighted fidget spinner things which is kind of impressive. There—oh, there was the rather cool system just outside of what looked like the bathroom where something hit something and then a T-shirt rolled down a string and she—whoever made that if they can get that to work where that T-shirt string thing leads there cause it that would actually be a really good idea. And then it kind of bebopped through the what looks like the living room for a little bit. The whole like swipe on the phone and call to have your like iPhone buzz then fall off a table that gave me anxiety. That feels like a way too dangerous part of that. And then at one point it lead them outside. Soccer ball rolls down the thing, not really sure and then we follow stuff like very long zipline thing all the way to the very end. It flips the nozzle and boom, a glass of lemonade only 10 minutes later.

00:03:00	File end

