00:00:00	

This short film is very interesting. It reminds me of the movie by what his name Tom Cruise in the Edge of Tomorrow, everything happen over and over and over and over again, like the kind of whole theme or something like that. That is very interesting because that is a strong will and every time she woke up she did the same thing over and over again. She almost gave up but didn't and when she didn't it ended up making a good thing for her. Then she met somebody else after 20 tries. The person was like 62 tries but it seems like this is never going to end somehow because these two because of the -- at the end where they show us like a maze or like different so many of them in the place, the room. The room is --. And so in summary she work out, she know what was going on. She kept trying everything the best she could and she is going to take advantage of the water. She woke up. She goes to the door, her open the door, goes to the next room find a key to the next room and found a tree, an axe. She's asked to go to the next room and then she breaks --. That is a summary of the whole thing so that's very interesting and that story very unique. I mean the last setting kind of examples one the videos was pretty unique into one sense, especially that it saw what you did previously either it was the same day or the following day. But every iteration you kind of saw it, saw what you did then you learned from it. So it's like life where you go on to make these things and every mistakes you will repeat again. And then eventually you become a better person as a result because the more I learn something then I got better. But, I think it's going to a tough world for her going very well, actually she'll be able to pull through somehow. So I think -- she will be great. And, it's a very interesting video and I tell you she is doing great for herself. And then they're together I think there might be a lot of people in a way, they come out --. Very proud of these --.


00:03:01	File end

