00:00:00

Okay, so this movie to me was very creepy. First of all the music was sounding like something bad is going to happen all the time so actually I was quite scared at some moments. But it started really optimistically. A young couple you know getting married, having a home, and then having a child. And then I saw like—well having two children. And then I felt like everything started to go down when they decided to remodel the house. I was not sure if the father or the husband had a mistress who lived across the street or not but it kind of was like he was away for a long time and he wasn't coming home. And the wife had to do the remodeling herself and then the children became more and more distant from them. First since the older son moved out and then the mom tried to hold him back and not to move after he had a fight with his father. And then it seemed like he came back to pick up the younger brother to take him with and the mother figure seemed very friendly and maternal and warm but the father kind of seemed cold. And you know he had multiple fights with the sons. I just had a bad feeling through most of the movie that something bad was going to happen. And I felt like it was happening somewhere in this Scandinavia setting and it was actually quite a scary moment when they were eating dinner and the younger—the older son was still in puberty and was playing with food and the dad kind of shouted at him and then there was The Sound of Music in the background. Yeah, there was also one scene when there was the dad's plan which I thought was a very sad kind of portrait of what this movie was actually showing, and it makes you kind of worried that this is how your life is going to turn out to be. But, the— the countryside seemed nice on the other hand and the mother was really nice. I really liked the mother. She was very nicely dressed and kind of seemed like well in the 1950s or something like that. But the father seemed very cold to me and the children. I think that's the reason probably why the children left. There was also a cute dog in the film, kind of reminded me of my own dog. But, all in all I kind of felt a little bit scared at some parts and I was waiting for something bad to happen.

00:03:01	File end

