00:00:00	

The movie started off with this girl who seemed like she was in a constant loop. She'd wake up and the water—she spilled the water the first time. And she got up, she stepped on a little pad it made the light turn green on the door and then 60 seconds later she got knocked out. And then every time she wakes up the water would spill and then the ghost of the last one would reappear and turn on the light and every time that it did open it previously. She ended up noting that she would—that everything that she was doing was being repeated. So eventually she just went and stood on top of the little pad for however long and she got into the next door. And then after that door there were balloons that all fell from the ceiling and a little pillow with a pin in it and she went and got the pin, and she went and started popping all the balloons. After that one she kept doing them, kept popping balloons and she noticed that one of the balloons was heavier than the rest. And so then picked it up and there was key in it, so she popped it, opened the lock that was on the door and went into the next room. And then there was a giant tree in there with an axe so every time she went in there she would be hitting it from a different side. So every time that ghost would come back and would hit it too and once she got close to knocking the tree down, she all of the tree just kind of grew back and all her progress was lost. So the next time she went into the room she had given up, she grabbed the axe and just chucked it at the wall and once she did that she saw light on the other side. And she started hitting the wall and just breaking everything in it and then she crawled through the hole, and she saw somebody else was crawling through the wall adjacent. And they both got through the wall, and it seemed like they had noticed that they knew each other, and they went in, gave each other a hug before the iteration was over. And then after that they went back into that same room, and they were like they said that she'd been in there 20 times, and he'd been in there 62. And then they both started hitting the wall together to try to escape whatever loop that they were in. And at the end of the movie it panned away, and it seems like it was a grid of a ton of people who are stuck inside this the same loop that they were doing these tasks and trying to escape through every door that they had to. And I don't really know why but it seems like it might be some government conspiracy or something.


00:03:03	File end

