00:00:00	

Okay, that was a very interesting movie. I don't really understand what sort of it was about, but I remember the woman waking up several times having to go through what with the iterations. I'm not sure what that means like challenges or courses that she had to go through and if she would do something that the iteration or challenge accepted it would let her go to another part of the iteration. She had a hard time figuring out what she was supposed to do the first couple of times but I'm assuming how the other character, the guy got through it 62 times. I guess she picked up what she was supposed to do pretty fast. That was interesting. She can't and then the—sorry, the her old tries, like the old her if that makes sense, it would repeat the same thing she did from a day or the iteration before. That would happen again during the same time she was doing the iteration over again. That was interesting. I don't know what that means. So those iterations like her old trials it would help her out do the iteration. She got the hang of it. She popped the balloons or the balloon with the pin pretty fast in the iteration or the trial before that helped her out. Then she started hacking away at the tree and she did that a couple of times before the tree grew back and she realized that she wasn't supposed to be hacking at the tree. Then when she broke—oh, sorry she threw the sledgehammer—that's not good. I'm sorry, the axe at the wall she realized that she can break it. And she broke through and the other guy was breaking through at the same time and they met each other. And then she continued to do the same thing that she did to that were positive to get her through again so she can meet up with him and they decided to go through together. At the end I remember that they panned out and the camera panned out, you can see that there was way more of boxes that they could have potentially have gone through with been walking through. I'm not sure what that means because it looked very confusing in there. It's kind of like a maze and it looked like subjects so that was interesting.

00:03:00	File end

