00:00:00	

When the movie started I felt like maybe something's going to happen because it's a film, so I felt like something was going to go wrong. At first I really did like to see how the brothers really depended on each other and how they had a good relationship. That definitely did show in the beginning. I don't know what the kid's through the window, through the other kid or maybe that these kids are acting this way because they saw their parents fight and stuff. But at first I thought the first child, like the first son could have just been going through puberty and I was like okay, that happens all the time. But when he—I think he moved out from what I understood. Maybe he joined a gang or maybe a cult and so maybe he promised his brother before he left, I'll come back for you stuff like that. And his brother it looked like his little brother really looked up to the older brother. So I thought since the older brother was taking longer than the younger brother anticipated that's why maybe the younger brother threw the painting in the fireplace. That could have been a painting that the older son had drew—drawn for -- someone. His brother came back to get him and that his parents were very upset, and they knew that he was part of a gang or a cult. So they were like hey, don't take away him too but of course they -- saw it. Thinking about he was so dependent of his brother just left and I don't know who the other friend was or if that person was the girl from across the street or what they were doing. But it looked to me as if the parents really did care about their children. They maybe just didn't know how to express it, or they didn't—they did something to their children, or they did something in front of their children that they've been traumatizing. But it looks like that their parents really cared and wanted a good family and it's like his dad—the dad worked really hard for his family. He was a hard worker. He tried his best. It looks like the mom was trying to do her best too, just keep the family together. But sometimes you know things don't go out the way the way the parents planned it to. But it looked like their parents were very, very upset about the whole thing. I did like to see how the interior changed through time to time to see how much they grew as a family which was nice.

00:03:02	File end

