00:00:00	

Speaker 1:	 I enjoyed that mini movie I guess. Seemed to be centered around the house. Initially I thought it was going to be in London, something to do with like if the house was haunted because just some of the scenes would get pretty dark. So it gave a very ominous vibe but towards the end it still did give that ominous vibe, but it wasn’t because of ghosts or anything. Just the idea of a family falling apart, arguing and everything is really unfortunate. But the way the camera shots were really interesting it reminded me in high school when that's the class when I was studying about different camera shots and the effects that they create. So that was a good thing to notice and see the way it kind does a 360 around the home. But whenever it does that 360 it always comes back and remains at that one spot in front of the window peering out at the other house. Which for me it felt like it was kind of it was an unspoken truth that it's always greener on the other side. But there was always that house in the background and you know you could the grass over there and everything. So even though this house seemed nice and everything once you went inside you saw all these issues they had, family troubles, financial and everything, parenting. But there's that one house right there in the background that probably has it better. But again if you were to look inside that house they probably have their own issues. So it's a very good thing to consider. But this was definitely well written. It would have been interesting to be able to hear more of the story if it was longer. But so far I did have a little trouble keeping up with the story. That one point it seemed like it was just one brother that left and then towards the end of it both of them left and it was just the parents staying home. So I'm not sure if it was a case of I believe it was the older brother who left first. I don't know if it was a case of the older brother coming back and taking the big brother or there was a side story or something. An alternate story where both of them left at the same time. Definitely felt bad for the mother though. Great film overall.
 
00:02:53	File end

