00:00:00	

Okay, so there is what seems to be a brother and a sister living with their mother. The boy and the girl or the brother and sister are called Timmy and Tiny. The boy's Timmy, the girl's Tiny, I believe those are the names. And Timmy, Tiny's older brother or big brother is really mean to her. He is seen taking the food that's supposed to be for her for dinner time. He eats it or takes it off of her plate or more most off her food off of her plate, puts it on his and then he eats it, so she'll get less. When they're getting on the bus in the morning to go to school Tiny offers their I guess their friend or their schoolmate who has crutches her seat or a seat on the bus and then Timmy comes and just takes the seat which is terrible. He's constantly seen just trying to make her life harder or just trying to take things from her that belong to her or should be for her. In the race he even distracted her so that she would be late for the race because if they were having it against each other he distracted her so that she would be behind and then ended up winning. And he just cares about himself and doesn't care about her at all. Later on we see like Tiny she's working on something. We don't really know what it is because she's doing all this math work and all these equations and not that it didn't look hard, sorry. She's using this board to do all these equations and she's working on something, and we don't really see what it is. And then she's counting down days until she'll be able—there's like a huge exclamation point on her calendar. She's counting down days until I guess that's the big day that something's supposed to happen. We continue to see her work on whatever it is that she's working on. And then one day she brings out that whatever she's working on outside. And then later on she's in her room working on her project going to call it and then Timmy notices the time and then he's see his light flickering in his room. And it gets to the point where he gets so worried about what it is that's making his light flicker that he goes into her room, into Tiny's room to see what it is and she's actually working on what we find out later is her time machine. Then at the end we see the mom call down the two of them for dinner once again and usually Timmy's there first, but this time Tiny is first and she takes Timmy's food.


00:03:04	File end

