00:00:00	

Okay well, I could not wait for that video to end. I thought it was really stupid and really peculiar. I first thought that it was a sci-fi movie and I got kind of excited. I thought, I like sci-fi. So just for a minute or so I thought it was kind of interesting and I thought, what's going to happen to this woman? Why is she there? Has she been abducted by aliens? And then after the first couple of iterations of her collapsing and falling over I kind of thought, my God where's this going? This seems kind of dumb. This seems very artsy. Maybe it's somebody making a test video to check their skills as a director or a cinematographer. They want to show it in a—to a movie company as sometimes people make shorts, short films to send around. And I thought, maybe that's what this is about. And then I was kind of intrigued by the actress and her appearance. She was very pretty but I kept thinking she's a little --, somebody needs to comb her hair. She was disheveled, of course she was waking up. And then when the door opened and she walked through I thought, good something's going to happen because I was really getting bored after about the second or third minute. And but the door opens and then she goes into the other room, there's the balloons. And then she stars popping the balloons and I thought okay, now it's really just a silly art film. And then she's just collapsing and collapsing and I just thought, this is all this short is going to be. And then the other door opens and then the tree is there, and the axe is there and then I got a little bit of an ominous feeling, kind of like, what's she going to do with that axe? And I was thinking during certain parts of this that she was going to hurt herself with the axe like by accident or something. And then she starts chopping the tree and I'm thinking, you're never going to get through that tree. And then when the multiple versions of her appeared again I thought it was just sort of a cinematography experiment. The director was trying to say, look I can show multiple people coming from the same body this --technique that they were trying to demonstrate in their 67 other ladies chopping away at the tree. And then I started wondering who is this actress? And why is she in this movie? I started imagining a back story behind the lady. And then when the guy appeared I thought that was kind of stupid. It's like, now a guy is going to come and rescue her. How stupid. 


00:03:02	File end

