00:00:00	

Speaker 1:	 That was such a cute little video. I liked the fact that it talked about the characters of a person and reaping what you sow. That young man had a terrible spirit of being conniving. He was a thief. He didn't share. He didn't consider others. He was selfish. He wasn't giving and just by the fact that he wouldn't even give up his seat to a handicap person. He stole from his sister. But his sister she was calm, cool. She didn't complain. She didn't go—she wasn't a tattletaler. She didn't go tell mommy. Mommy, I think my brother stole my food. She didn't complain to him. She just sat quietly and was all like you know what? I got this. I'm not going to say a word. I'm going to give him a taste of his own medicine. I like her. She was cool, calm, collected. Smart as a whip. Girlfriend was throwing out some equations that Einstein would have been proud of. Took her time. Patience and she set everything up. Made sure that he got exactly what he deserved and maybe it would teach him a lesson to share with others. So sometimes you got to see how it feels in order for you to maybe make a change. Maybe it will make him change, maybe it won't because some people see how it feels and try to do more harm than good. So but I liked the fact that she stood up for herself. She wasn't a cry baby. And the mother was kind of elusive to the fact of what her children were doing which is a little disturbing. That she didn't monitor them or sit with them at the dinner table. You know why aren't you sitting with your children while they're eating? You know that says a lot about the mother was just kind of like around them. And she gave them a good house, beautiful home. A roof over their head. It didn't appear that she was married. I didn't see a ring on her finger. But giving the children the basics is wonderful, but they also need somebody who's engaging in their life, and I thought the mother was kind of like just a basic mom. Not engaging with the kids at all and sitting down with them and talking to them and asking how their day was. Because maybe the daughter would have brought that to her attention a lot earlier. But overall good video.

00:03:00	File end

