00:00:00

Okay, so mostly that was super trippy and also quite creepy. I guess I think it was in Europe just based on the architecture and the little snippets of language that I heard and also because otherwise that was a very '90s mustache that guy was sporting. She reminded me quite a bit of my dad's mustache in the '90s but we'll forgive them because I think it was in Europe. It was kind of a weird use of sound I guess. There was some sort of I don't know how to describe it but weird sound going on that made the whole thing creepier and weird use of color. The whole thing seemed to get kind of greener as you went on and green seemed to just be very a creepy theme throughout. Didn't completely understand what was happening in the plot other than the fact that the dad seemed mean. The older boy left first and then came back for his brother and the mom seemed nice. Not sure why the little kid threw that picture out but couldn't really see the picture so maybe that was why. The décor was kind of painful but maybe that was the European style and I'm really not sure what was going on with that house across the street. They kept focusing on it as if it was supposed to mean something and at one point there was someone in the window but really nothing ever came of that. So maybe that was just a setup for a sequel. Other than that pretty much the movie was just going through their life from falling in love and moving in to having kids and then becoming increasingly unhappy but not really sure why everyone was unhappy. I couldn't quite figure out what decade it was in. Like I said the mustache kind of seemed like it was in the '90s but it's European so it's hard to tell. There was definitely some modern technology. I thought I saw like an iPad or something at the beginning but maybe not. By the end they definitely had a color TV so ish in the last 10 years I guess is when it ended. Hard to tell just because it's foreign so different architecture, different décor, different clothes but overall I think it was basically modern times. I'm wondering if the next movie will be a sequel or a totally different movie. But basically the overarching theme of that movie was super creepy. 

00:02:59	File end

