00:00:00	

Speaker 1:	 During this movie it started out sort of as this couple pulling up to a house and the whole movie is sort of moving through their time, having a family and the family growing through different camera angles in this house. And it always kind of keeps going back to the window showing the house across the street. I thought it was interesting the way that they moved from scene to scene to show kind of the family progressing. When it starts out just the couple together in the house and one of them gives the other a present which is a picture that they hang up on the wall. Then you see a crib, and you see a baby and you assume that it's one of the sons later on. And you kind of just see the family moving throughout their life and growing up. And there's some really some happy moments that they have a dog and they're sitting on a TV watch—or on a couch watching TV together. And also the whole time you can't really make out what any of them are saying to each other, it's mumbled. And the way that you're seeing the film too is kind of distorted with a funny filter. And then as the boys get older they kind of are having some trouble with their parents and the older boy ends up wanting to leave the house. There's one scene that they show at Christmas and the only—you assume it's Christmas because there's a Christmas tree in the background and they're all kind of sitting around the table. And the older son is doing something kind of weird with the food and then the dad gets mad and yells at him. And you can hear The Sound of Music playing at that point which is the only point that you could hear actually any sounds, like you could make out any words. And then the older son leaves, and the mom is kind of asking him not to go. He kind of packs a box and goes somewhere you don't know where he goes. And then later on that son comes back and it seems like it's okay for a while but then he asks the younger son, the blond son to go with him, his brother. And you see again the mom kind of asking them not to leave and but the son is—both of her sons are going out the front door. Then they get into this blue truck and pull away and you see the dad look out the window and it's back to the house across the street that the film kept focusing in on. We also see the house sort of change throughout. It kind of started out darker and then you see this one scene where they had redone the inside and it's much lighter. And overall it was kind of sad to see them grow up and leave their mom. It was interesting.

00:03:00	File end

