00:00:00

So that was kind of a weird video. The first half seemed to like—or made you feel like you knew what was going on with the plot. It was two kids and living in a house with a woman who seemed to more of a housekeeper type than a mother because she just cooked for them and didn't eat with them. So these two kids when they would come down at dinner and the brother was very mean they established. He would come down quicker than her so that he could steal some of her food and then just in case the audience didn't realize that he was mean they showed him stealing a seat from a disabled kid just to really solidify that. And then once they established that they showed the girl and she seemed to be counting down to something. She was crossing days off in a calendar. At first I thought maybe they were—she was counting down the days until they were leaving that house or something, something where she could get away from her brother and then that's where the plot took a weird turn. She was doing some math that was clearly beyond what she should have been able to do based on her age. And then the brother continued to be mean and then he started hearing some weird sounds and went in and she was constructing something I guess. And she had technology, it looked like an iPad or something similar which was interesting because I would have pegged the decade for at least a decade or two ago, again just kind of judging from the architecture. I'm not really sure. So she had—she was constructing something, and it didn't really make any sense. And then I thought maybe it was a transporter or something weird like she was going to leave. And then it turned out that all that work was just so that she could go back in time a couple of minutes so that she could steal his food instead of him stealing hers. So all kind of—I don't know seemed like overkill. I'm not quite sure what happened there. There was also a weird scene where the housekeeper woman heard something, and they showed I think it was the little girl outside and I couldn't quite see what she was doing or how that related to what else happened. But that also happened because maybe she was sneaking out. But overall kind of just a confusing short film. Seems like something someone would have made for a film -- with no real regard for like making a next one. They were just sort of trying to surprise the audience and give you a plot twist that kept you interested just because it wasn't really expected but probably don't really have anywhere to go with a sequel or anything. They just wanted it to be interesting for a few minutes.

00:03:02	File end

