00:00:00

Okay, so this reminded me of some -- teenager movie basically this it's just siblings, the little girl named Tiny and her older brother who's kind of a bully, to be honest. He in the first scene of the movie he basically steals half of her food and is laughing at her. And then they go on a bus with their friend who really has a broken foot or something and he wants to sit down, and the brother takes his spot so it's just a poorly behaved child, her older brother. And this little girl is clearly very academic. She is learning. She's reading all the time and she is designing what at the end would be her little time machine. There's a lot of complex math that she's studying and that she's reading very complex books that are frankly above her age. So this movie kind of represents for me it just has a—I have to correct myself. It's just kind of what trained to say that with knowledge and learning and developing the academic side of you, going to school and being good you can win over the bully and it's not even about the winning. You can just like be more respectful in life than the one who's the bully. Even though at the end I also kind of felt sorry for the boy because at the end she takes his food kind of a small little revenge. But I'm not really a person who would get with revenge, so I did feel a little bit sad for the little boy at the end. But yeah, it was an interesting small little clip. there was also one scene where they were racing and he was showing her oh, look there. The mom is sitting there and then they started the race, and she was basically behind, and she lost. So, I think he's really portraying someone who gets ahead in life with being a bully or with not abiding by the rules or just climbing on top of other people to get over them. And then she is someone who realized that her own ability and someone who studies her way through. So I really liked her as a character. I didn't like him as much at the beginning but at the end they're just children so these things can be forgiven. Even though probably characteristics of an adult later in life will come out in a similar way. But, there was also an interesting like a clock that was ringing when the food was ready. It was a little penguin, and I was thinking that I need to buy one like that too for myself. So that was the process that I was thinking, and they ate some French fries and it looked really good.

00:03:02	File end

