00:00:00	

Speaker 1:	I mean so cool, come on. Wow. I can't imagine how long that took. How many tries that took? How uninhabitable that house was for a long time? It was definitely pretty loud if you were there in person all those chairs and all that stuff dropping. Something a neighbor would do and I would like kill them for making so much noise or something. It seemed cool with a group of friends did it. I was going to say if it was one dude or one gal that would be insane. But that sounds like a fun thing to do with people like that. I can't imagine coming up with all those things, so creative. Yeah, wow. So many different elements like the laptop in there, like the balloons. You have a balloon hit a cactus at one point. I thought that was questionable. Wow. Like every room in the house, outside. Cute theme when life gives you lemons make lemonade in the most extreme way possible. Respect that. I'm curious what the questions will be for this. Like how did you feel about the duck on the shelf or something? Because there was no characters. I guess it wasn't very emotional, but it was you know exciting to watch. So very cool. I would love to watch it again. I feel like you could watch that a million times and still see something new that they did. Yeah, no it makes you want to build something or build a Hot Wheels track or something. So creative, so like calculated as well. The phone ringing, I thought that was not going to work. Oh, I thought it stopped working when that slime was happening. I was like oh, man you came this far and now it's going downhill. But it worked, the slime worked. I don't think I'd have the patience to do this but wow. Also the filming, insane to have to run and follow it around. How do you not trip over all that stuff? I just want to know how they come up with this. And how long it took them? Loved all the different elements though, very cool. 10 out of 10, would watch again. Kind of want to show it to my brother who's an engineer.

00:03:01	File end

