00:00:00	

They open the scene with the mother making dinner. It made me happy because I like making dinner for my family. I do most of the cooking for my kids. And then when I saw the little boy, the little bugger there taking his sister's food it made me kind of frustrated and I started worrying about my daughter. I hope she sure doesn't get pushed around like that. And then it gets to skipped ahead to school and going on the bus and she has a lot of empathy in helping the neighbor boy there that has a bit of a walking disability. And then the brother's a jerk again, just wants to show that he can be a jerk. He knew exactly what he was doing. He was doing it just to be a little bugger. And then I guess when they got to school and they are having the running competition. I assume that's what she was checking off the calendar for because she knew that she was going to be a better runner than him and they were having a track meet. But then that kind of got confused or at least maybe I misunderstood that. And then he at the starting line he busied her mind with something else, pointed something else out and she was off to a late start and lost. And then I think he knew because he's doing all these mean and cruel things to his sister that he should be on the look out. And that's why he knew to go down and check on her when she was working in her room to create the time machine and we see cuts of her using torches and welding or whatever she was doing. And then I mean making a time machine to go back in time to eat her brother's lunch. I mean it gives you some appreciation, but you wonder why—where's the mom in all this like and or in class maybe his teachers, no one ever calls him out on it. It's just left up to the sister to make things right but I mean, kids are kids. They need to kind of be taught. They're going to do silly stuff like that, like Lord of the Flies type behavior. Try and dominate one another because they can. Because everyone else is telling them what to do so whenever they get the opportunity to tell someone else what to do they do that. It was well acted.

00:03:02	File end

