00:00:00	

Speaker 1:	So it was about basically a cycle of life. And it started with showing how the couple went on a were—I'm assuming were on a stage. And then in second scene she gives him this painting of somewhere tropical and then she gets pregnant. She has a baby. The baby is crying. The mother she's trying to calm him. And then it shows the birthday that the—there are two kids in the birthday scene, and I think they're throwing the birthday party for the older one. Then it shows like they're planning their next house and like they're looking at architecture. And then somewhere along the line they get into fights when they're like building the house and then the kids grow up. The scene where the two kids are watching the movie a puppy comes up, so they get a dog. And then the older—as the kids gets older the older son is just annoying. The dad yells at him. He moves out. And the brother like basically because they were so close that he loses his best friend. And he's just unhappy even though the parents try to cheer him up by giving him I don't know an Xbox. He still is not cheered up. And then there's a scene where it shows there is a part in the scene where the mom is painting a wall and then the painting is taken out. And then toward the end the brother comes home with a gift with his mom because the dad is not there to greet him, still they're on not good terms. And then as soon as brother sees his older brother he wants to take him with him, and the parents try to stop them, but they can't. Somewhere along the line the little boy was unhappy. He takes the painting out because he doesn't feel their house is happy anymore. His brother's gone and he put it in the fireplace to burn it because that's how frustrated he felt. And then it shows when the older son comes home to visit the mom and he sees the situation. He try—he takes his brother away with him. And it then shows like once he moves out I don't know if that girl outside in the car was his girlfriend or not but shows that three of them leave the house. So basically treating your kids like -- then you end up outside.
 
00:03:00	File end

