00:00:00

Okay, so that was one of those typical videos that you see scrolling through YouTube or Facebook or whatever social media you like. It's like a typical time waster video. But at first you start watching it and it makes you feel kind of happy and it's just very innocent and cute. And then it's when you're 30 seconds into it you start thinking about what a colossal waste of time it was to set it up. How many days that would have taken to do? And then you start thinking about your own life and how you're wasting time currently watching this video. And somehow you still want to get to the end to see even though you know it's going to end with basically nothing but you still kind of want to see it. And then I start justifying their waste of time maybe he's an engineering student and he wanted to see if he could make it work. Maybe he's a film student and he just wanted to make one of those videos that they don't—I don't know what they're called but they don't cut and it's a single take. But regardless maybe he's not wasting his time but I'm still definitely wasting my time watching it. And then you start thinking about all the other productive things you could be doing with your time instead of watching until the end of this video. I could get off the computer and go cook something or make something or study something but instead you just keep watching until the end. Although honestly I probably wouldn't have made it to the end if I was just watching it on my own because again we've all seen these videos and they don't usually end with anything. Although occasionally they don't work and that's always funny. But for the most part I think they just keep filming it again and again and again until they get it to work. Obviously that one did go all the way to the end. That was actually a very long one and sure enough it ended with nothing super interesting, just getting a drink. So and usually I feel like that's how those videos end with just something that they could have done in 30 seconds but instead they took three days or however long it took to set up all of those contraptions and test them out eight million times. And I'm sure it failed a bunch but finally they got a take where everything happened to work out perfectly. Can't imagine how many takes that took. Also interesting somehow he had three different smart phones because there were two in the video, and he was filming with one. So I'm sure I guess he had friends help set that up but yeah. Anyway basically a colossal waste of time and yet still somehow entertaining. Actually maybe he's an influencer and he just needs clicks on his video. I don't know but regardless it's still a waste of time and you still feel kind of sad when you get to the end.

00:03:02	File end

