00:00:00
	
Tiny's time machine, this is a cool movie. It starts with the mom cooking dinner but the boy, the older brother -- he steals some of Tiny's food off her plate and she's kind of resigned. He's a bit of a bully. The next they're at the bus stop he takes somebody's seat. She's kind but the other boy there was trying to sit down because he's on crutches, but the older mean brother takes the seat. But then it seems that she's counting down the days to sports day. And it crossed my mind that she was maybe letting him steal the food so he would get fatter so he would be slower in the race. But the big brother is -- start line so she has a late start, and he wins the race. And then you get a whole scene where she's quite the brainiac. She's studying, doing mathematical equations and she's sneaking out of the house to the garden shed to do some sort of experiment, some building at night. And she -- how to use the kind of the electricity from the house. And then one evening it's nearly dinner time which is at 6:00 and she's tinkering away in her room. She's welding something. She's built a pyramid type machine and she's connected it up to her tablet and it's counting down the time. And then the lights are flickering during this time while she's been welding and building and hooking up her machine. And then the brother sneaks to her door and looks in. They never talk to each other during the movie much. And he's looking in and the machine is powering up and then it comes to a dinner scene and Tiny is the first down to dinner and she's got the larger plate of food and it seems at that time that she'd gone back in time and learned the boy looked a little bit slimmer but that's probably my imagination. And she was eating the bigger plate of food and he sat down kind of resigned to the smaller plate of food. And it looks like Tiny has achieved what she wanted to do, gone back in time, and taken charge of the situation. And then the scene cuts and the -- that she is stood beside the pyramid structure she built and on the front is labelled Tiny's time machine. And that was from the -- they had going, and cute movie and I really enjoyed it and it's fairly cool.

00:03:03	File end

