00:00:00	

Speaker 1:	Okay, so it started off with the girl waking up in the first room with the bell, then the nightstand. She does the two steps, and the white light appears on the ground, and she steps on it and it restarts. The sign came up iteration one which I'm still wondering about because I don't know what the other iteration could be other than the -- every time she restarts that's iteration two. So she tries the light on the ground a few times. She just realized that she only has a limited amount of time in that room. She then realizes she can get from—she can work with her past iterations to help her get to the next room. So she has one iteration stand on the light which opens the door and then she goes out the door. The second room is filled with balloons, and she has a pin, and she tries to pop the balloons. She realizes she doesn't have enough time to do it on her own. So she uses several iterations of herself to help her pop the balloons and find the key and go to the next room. In the next room there's a tree and she has an axe. She spends it seems like probably like 10 times to cut down the tree using multiple iterations of herself. After a while she decides that the tree is just growing back. She gets despondent for a little bit for it looks like at least one iteration. And then she tries again, and she uses the axe to break out of the wall instead of through—she's trying to cut down the tree. I'm wondering if that was the intent all along using the axe in that room I'm guessing all three lives. So in the next room that she breaks into she finds a man who is doing the same thing. They are—they comfort one another. I don't think that they knew each other beforehand. I think they just kind of they each shared experience and connected over that. And they get reset again and then decide to use the axes to try to continue to break through the walls. Looking at them at the end it looks somewhat hopeful they'll break out but as you zoom out you see that there is a lot of different rooms and so probably not going anywhere.

00:03:01	File end

