00:00:00	

Wow, that was one of the most fascinating little videos I've ever seen. I'd love to see it again. I'd love to show it to friends of mine. I'd love to show it to my husband. I'd love to know who made it and why. Really, really fascinating from the first second to the last second. Really enjoyed watching it. I was totally intrigued by all the devices and the objects and toys and household objects and how this was set up. I forgot the name of these objects, these systems. There's a name for these kind of perpetual motion kind of contraptions but it was much, much, much more elaborate than I had imagined. When the video first started I thought that it would end much sooner or that this would be a part of the video and then something else would be going on. And then I started to realize, this is the whole video and it's going on and on and on and on and on and it's being filmed in somebody's apartment. There's a brief section where you can see the young man in the mirror which I thought was funny and probably a mistake, but I thought well that's kind of funny. And then I became very aware of the camera at that point and how the camera was being operated by this young man and he was basically following the balls and the various objects around. And I kept thinking wow, where and how and what's—how's it going to end? I found myself anticipating what was going to happen and kind of wondering like I saw the little ducks. And I thought, what's going to happen with the duckies? Or I'd see some object and I'd think what's going to happen? Is it going to fall? Is it going to slide? I was just totally, totally intrigued. I wondered how long it would take to set this thing up? I was thinking this must have taken weeks and weeks and weeks or months to plan and then just even the setting up of the whole system. I thought like one false move, or you trip a wire, or you hit something, you hit a ball, or you kick a piece of wood and the whole system is screwed up. And then I thought well he probably had to test the whole thing before he built it so he must have started it from the beginning and probably done a practice to make sure that everything was in sequence. And I thought this guy is just really bright but who has the time to do what he did? And then I wondered towards the end of the video who was this person? And what did he do? Was this part of a film project? Was it part of like an engineering class and he had to do this? And with his -- pieces. And I love the way it ended when it went outside. I thought oh my God now what's happening? And then I just I thought it was just really delightful and I thought the ending was absolutely perfect.

00:03:02	File end

