00:00:00	

Speaker 1:	So I think that this clip was about a family. Well first it started out with a couple. I think they got their dream house and then they had a kid. So they had another kid and the remodeling of the house sort of signifies the change that keeps happening in their life. So you know the kids growing. The kids becoming into adults. And then that towards the end there's sort of a disconnect between the parents and the kids because the kids seem like they're lonely. And I think the oldest kid that girl was his girlfriend. And towards the end of the video it just kind of got pretty depressing or sort of not so much of a perfect house anymore. Like we saw when they were sort of in the first couple remodeling scenes that the husband and wife were arguing amongst each other. And then you know we saw the boys just watching TV, so it seems like the parents kind of distracted the kids with electronics maybe. But they didn't necessarily want that, they wanted their physical attention. And the mom actually cried more than the father. The father just kind of looked like he was just there but not exactly. He was probably just absent in their life. And the mother tried—like in the end you saw the mother trying when the the older brother tried to take the younger brother away with him. I think the mom was trying to I guess -- it through, but the kid didn't want to listen. I think they were fed up. The mood got pretty somber towards the end. And it goes from a happy family who had everything to a family that grows apart, that grows distant, and kids grow up. They get their own ideology. And the father just kind of looked like he was—I mean we saw him talking on the phone. But it looked like he was a businessman and devoted a lot of time to his business or his work. And the mom was the only one that tried wanting to put the two together. They just keep showing the house to signify that. In one scenario it kind of looked like the kid, the boy was when he was younger he was looking out the window and he was looking at someone else's house. But I think that was their own house and he just wished they were a happy family.
 
00:02:58	File end

