00:00:00

All right. Well I really—well the first part really is reminiscent of Portal to me that video game. I don't know. Kind of the first thing that came up—came to mind but interesting that's there, that room, the white room and all kind of a research aesthetic theme. Other thing is completely irrelevant to what I just said but that is come on now, that's not how you use an axe. You got to let the tool do the work. Let the weight of the head you got to—come on. You're going to wear yourself out. I mean I guess you got infinite amount of time to do it, but you want to do it the energy in an efficient way, assuming you recharge back for your starter endurance every minute there. I mean I guess you could do that, but you got to let the weight of the tool do the work. Not you can't just be holding it up there and but I would take all the work here. I don't know. Yeah, you got to cut a little lower too on the tree don't you? I don't know, that's just me. And on the last part there it kind of was like a grate or a vent or something. I don't know. I thought they were going to pull something through it and like super twist, but this jerk doesn't even matter. It would have been like, this is like a whole city of this stuff going on like that you're under your actual city. It's all there's going to be like a sidewalk vent or something. It would have been like, this is ant people that doing stuff down there and they're chopping trees incorrectly but that's okay because not everybody knows how to chop a tree and I don't really know how to either but I kind of do. But they didn't do that. I don't know what your rules say. Also I mean it -- me. That trial all right you could just you need to cut through there. You just give it a good whack and then just like run through it there. Again it's like you're recharging every minute. It's like try running through the walls right? Well what's the goal of running through the walls? You're just going into more rooms. I don't know well, it's I don't know what's going on. It's such a --. But and then what was the thing because she drank the water one time but like it was established at the very beginning that she knocked it over --.

00:03:02	File end

