00:00:00	

Speaker 1: In this video it starts out with it shows a mother cooking dinner for her children. It looks to be a very, very healthy meal of pizza and French fries or something along those lines. The mother calls the children come to dinner because she's set out their plates at a large table and they sit on opposite ends of it. It looks like there is some sort of soda like Coke or a Pepsi for them. The children's names are I believe Tommy and Tiny. Tommy the older brother comes down first and steals a bunch of the food off Tiny's plate and Tiny just seems to take it. She's disappointed but she puts up with it and they show that Tommy is somewhat proud of himself I believe. Later on it shows the two children going to school. Tiny is hanging out with a boy who's using crutches to get around and Tommy when he comes outside and -- the bus takes the chair the boy with crutches was about to sit in. Both stare at him very disapprovingly. They're making out that Tommy is not a kind person, that he is very selfish and rude. Tommy has a continual pattern of stealing food off Tiny's plate and is very much a glutton throughout the entire thing that he's made out to be. There's many scenes of him putting ketchup over his food which is not much which he has a lot more food than what Tiny has. And the mother seems to not notice anything at all for all of this. Overtime you see that Tiny is working very hard and reading later at night very complex books, drafting new things. Cue to later on see that she is marking things down on a calendar that she's kind of looking forward towards a certain day that has an exclamation point. She later is seen deriving very advanced mathematical equations that you don't know what they're leading up to but it's something. There's a scene with a race where Tommy wins very clearly in the race after somewhat -- Tiny. This is kind of bizarre in the race if they had it like girl boy, girl boy, girl boy. Generally that's not how competition is done at least in the States. Absolutely this film is done in Europe it just seems to look slightly different there because the ketchup bottle with like a small little tomato which is different. Later on though you can see that Tiny after deriving all these equations constructing some sort of machine. She's stealing parts slowly and taking a lot of electricity from the house which is why the lights are all flickering. Tommy eventually investigates what's going on. Sees her with a welding torch in her bedroom making something and you then see that when he goes downstairs Tiny is already there. She has the plate full of all of the food and has left Tommy very little. And later on for the last scene of the film she is posing outside with her time machine and finds that she has time traveled to a certain point before to be able to beat him downstairs.


00:03:01	File end

