00:00:00	

Speaker 1:	 Okay, so we have this lady who wakes up in essentially like an all-white box and she's got 60 seconds to do whatever. So it's just like weird dystopian maze type of thing where at the end of 60 seconds they give you or 50 seconds they gave you a 10 second countdown. At the end of the 60 seconds you collapse and wake back up at the starting point and each round is an iteration as the omnipotent voice seems to call it. And after each iteration one of the things—or whatever your previous self did they are doing that thing, so you get to build upon whatever past you did. So this young woman starts to figure out the let’s called them levels because I don't know what the heck you're going to call it otherwise. And moves her one into the next and then in the next one is a whole bunch of balloons, and she figures out that she needs a key from one of the balloons. So she waits—she eventually stops popping them randomly and sees which one has a little bit of weight to it. And then she gets into one with the tree and this is seemingly an impossible task and after like I think it was like 18 iterations of cutting down this tree she realizes it's just going to grow back. And she's been growing more and more despondent as the iterations have gone on and on. But eventually she just kind of swings and throws the axe and realizes oh, I can cut through these walls I guess. Once she cuts through the wall she kind of chips her way through and she meets I don't know insert random guy here. And apparently it took this super genius 62 iterations to get himself to this point and it only took her 20 so he might not be the best person to have along for this ride. And they meet back up here at this middle point after a couple iterations and they're going to cut their way through the wall. And then the camera pans out and it looks like cells and cells and cells and cells and cells of these various levels all kind of relapsing and remitting and recurring kind of situation. So I guess we assume they either accidently end back up where they started, or they bump into other folks who are trapped in this weird maze thing without any apparent sign of rescue. I'm going to assume they're going to go eventually go crazy because my God. 

00:03:00	File end

