00:00:00	

Speaker 1:	So this video showed it started with a girl in bed. A brunette wearing black clothing and she woke up and she was in an unknown environment. She was in a room that was not very large and was completely white except the walls were made out of white squares outlined in black. The room was really simple. There was a bed in it and a nightstand with a lamp and a glass of water and a big round white button on the floor. And when she woke up she was disoriented but realized that—well she like walked around for a little bit. And then she heard somebody say 10 seconds and at the end of 60 seconds she kind of fainted and was on the floor again. And then she soon realized—or she woke up after that and she realized that she was going through like 60 second cycles or iterations. But that her actions from the previous cycle carried over and also occurred in the following cycle. So she figured out how to step on the white button and it would open the door and that allowed her to go into the following room with balloons which she had to pop. And then once she managed to pop all of those and she found a key in one of the balloons which opened up the next door. And then in the next room there was a huge tree that faded into black all at the top. And there was an axe on the floor, so she spent a lot of cycles or iterations chopping away at the tree because she thought that's what she was supposed to do. And then one time she saw the tree healing up and getting back to its full strength. And she got so frustrated she threw the axe at the wall, and it went through. So then she kept the axe, and she chopped a hole through the wall of the room. And as she did so she found—she saw on the other side of the room she was entering another person kind of axing his way through a wall as well. It was a man dressed in jeans and a gray top. And when they met they just embraced because it'd probably be very lonely. It was nice to know that there was somebody else there. And then the next iteration they met up again and she admitted that she was on her 20th iteration, and he admitted he was on his 62nd. And then they kind of silently decided to go through the rest of this together and chop their way through the next wall but it looks like a very big maze so.
 
00:03:00	File end

