00:00:00	

Speaker 1:	 The first thing I remember is that she was making dinner for the two kids, and it was some sort of fried French fries and stuff. And the boy comes down early and moves all the food on to his plate and the girl comes down and she has a sad dinner. And then they kind of use some character development to show that the boy is not very nice. He doesn't let the differently abled child sit down and sits down himself. And they have a couple of scenes where they sort of demonstrate that he's maybe not the best of character. And then there are several scenes of the girl, who's name is Tiny which is interesting somehow having blow torches which was very off putting to me. I kind of got focused on the fact that she had—she was soldering metal and she appeared to be about seven years old in her bedroom. And so they had several scenes of that and then another scene with the running where he sort of cheated, and she comes in later than she would have if she had paying attention. And all the while she's working on her machine which I sort of guessed was going to be some kind of time machine because what else do seven-year-olds do with metal soldering tools and blow torches? And then there was a scene where there was more dinner being made and the mom's just kind of oblivious. At one point the girl sneaks out which isn't really explained why she did that, but she sneaks out. I noticed the mother was reading Infinite Jest which is a book that I've at least started to read and never finished because it's boring. Then you know she comes back and there's kind of no explanation for that. She makes her time machine thing and then apparently it was all just to go back and get some French fries which I was thinking well, why didn't she just ask her mom for more French fries? But I guess it was to get back at her brother, but she also could have told the brother, told on the brother so that was sort of dumb. I kind of found the whole thing dumb honestly and but you know girl power, et cetera. So I guess that's sweet and I'm proud of little Tiny with her time machine.

00:03:01	File end

