00:00:00	

Speaker 1:	Okay, so it seems like some kind of labyrinth type maze thing never-ending universe literally. It seems like not to her, but a lot of people are I guess in this universe where they try to figure out how to get from one room to another. So the first one she has to step on, but it seems like every iteration is built upon itself. So after the third one which she actually stepped on the circle, her future iteration is for to move to the next room. And then she had the room with balloons. It seemed pretty obvious at first that the objective was not to like squish all the balloons. But I did notice the lock at first, I'm not sure why she didn't notice it. I also think it's kind of unrealistic that the first balloon she popped after realizing it about the key. But after that she finds the key, gets to the tree. Kind of the same issue with the balloons being very obvious at first that the objective was not to get the tree down but there was a door behind the hatchet. I figured she was supposed to just take the hatchet or the axe and just beat down that door. I'm not sure how she really ended up going in at that random wall. Kind of nice at the end that she found a partner to do this with but it's also very kind of sad that he's on iteration number 62, so he's been doing this for a while. It seems like little success. Kind of seemed like a beginning of the Earth kind of interstellar mix. I'm not sure what the point of it was because the ending view, the bird's eye view is like it was a never-ending kind of culmination of rooms is very serious. I'm probably going to have nightmares about. But hopefully there's some end to it. It looks like maybe there's some other people there as well to all come together and figure out what this is about and how to get out of this maze. But I think she could be a little smarter and move with a little bit more haste so that she doesn't keep running out of time at these 60-second intervals and having to restart all over again. But overall just really creepy.

00:03:00	File end

