00:00:00

All right, so that's one of your classic Rube Goldberg machines there right kids? I guess my first thing was like no this isn't a thing. This isn't a short film, right? But anything can be a short film and who's to say, right? I mean, there's a plot there. You do the thing, and you get the lemonade there, right? You see a lot of those. I've seen a lot of those and that's probably the longest I've— the longest one I've seen because I haven't really been searching on that one but it's quite elaborate. Right, because you got to think right that the— obviously you have the set up right and then you got to clean it all up afterwards, so. What do you do with all that stuff? You just put it in your closet, is that your Rube Goldberg machine closet? Your neighbor comes by and they say hey, I'm looking to do a—yeah, you get where I'm going with that. He never comes by. He's like hey, I'm looking to do a Rube Goldroom or whatever machine, right but I don't want to buy all that stuff. Well, you can be the guy that's like hey, wait a minute buddy. I got it right here in my closet. Isn't that convenient? Because what are you going to do about? You can't throw it away. I mean I guess some of it and like household things but there's a lot of other things and you're not going to use other for other purposes than your video there. There's one scene in the bathroom where there was it might have been multiple but one I noticed is one jump cut there in the bathroom a bottle—like the bottle fell down into the top, right? And I don't know. How do you do—it happened very quick, but it was it looked like a cut there and that kind of I don't know ruined the magic a little bit right? It's what if there was a mess up there and they had to reshoot it afterwards. It kind of ruined it. It doesn't ruin it but it kind of dampened the magic of it all being one continuous shot. Truly some innovative concept though right? You got the goo and you've got the clock in frame and the goo. It's got to—it takes time to fall down that goo. That so that's goo for you.

00:03:00	File end

