00:00:00	

I've seen this video before and obviously it starts it's a lovely—you see a growing family. And see how much the mother's excited for the new baby to come and then loving it in the kitchen. It clearly came from a place of love and then you see that they're a growing family. They have to have a growing home and they seem to be surrounded by friends in the beginning but then you don't ever see the friends again aside from when the children show up with their own friends. And the children seem to be having a really nice childhood and growing up and they have a close relationship as brothers. And then really something goes on between the parents. It could just be the stress of life. It seems like they're so focused on renovating all the time and making adjustments to their physical life and they're never really together. You see him working independently of her all the time. And then I mean clearly the father and the oldest brother start to clash because it seems like for some reason the older brother holds the dad responsible for something. I guess maybe there was an extramarital affair or something, there's a woman next door in the window. And then when the young son throws the picture in the fire that's a pretty dramatic event because as the oldest brother comes back he notices that's missing off the mantle. And you know I—they've got you know puppy dogs during their childhood and lots of toys and they have family dinners. But even that last family dinner seemed very forced so I'm really not sure what went on there. But a pretty sad state situation and the father's overreacting to the smallest thing the son's doing and the mom trying to stop him from leaving, the eldest brother. And when the eldest brother comes back for the birthday party which is a theme again he then takes the younger brother with him and the mom tries to stop them, and the father just left there alone. You never really understand exactly why. Kind of a sad situation all around it. You know it's a little distressing to watch that the fact that you worry. I'm from a divorced family and I certainly don't want that to be happening in my new family. 

00:03:03	File end

