00:00:00	

Speaker 1:	So this video was about a family and it kind of followed their time or their lifetime and showed various glimpses throughout their lifetime. So it started out with a man and a woman appearing to be a couple kind of coming to their new house for the first time. And the house is in the countryside, and they appear to be young and then it flashes the next scene is them with a baby. So the mom's holding a crying baby in the kitchen implying that they had a kid. Then it shows—then it kind of goes through that kid's life cycle showing his birthday and then how he got a brother. And so now they have two boys, one and at this time the dad is also talking about—well I guess not talking because nobody is talking in this video. It's not silent but there are no—there's no verbal communication. And so as the boys grow up the dad appears to be a little bit distant. Doesn't really play with the boys. The brothers are often left to their own either playing with themselves or kind of just watching TV as they're growing up. And the dad is constantly working on improving the house, building add-ons, or changing the layout, et cetera. And the mom appears to always kind of be in the kitchen doing stereotypical motherly jobs or wife jobs. And then once they become teenagers the eldest son decides to leave the family and kind of go live on his own, or at least that's how it appears much to the mother's dismay. And then so he leaves his younger brother who is still being neglected by his parents. And then a couple of scenes later it appears that the older brother comes back to the house and sees how upset and sad and lonely the younger brother is so he decides to take him as well. And that's kind of the closing scene is the mom being extremely distraught that both her sons are leaving as they get in the pickup truck and drive away. And the dad just kind of staring out the window not—it doesn't appear that he has too much emotion on his face as far as the fact that his family is falling apart. And then they drive away in a light blue pickup truck and that's the end of the video.  
 
00:02:58	File end

