00:00:00

This is a cool movie. It kind of fast forwards through what looks like a Danish family's life. The couple come into the start of the movie. They look to have a picture of their honeymoon. At first they move into this new house. Very soon the wife gets pregnant. They have a son. See the son growing up. He has a fifth birthday party. And then he's joined by his younger brother, but the couple decide they're going to extend their house. It seems like a bad idea because they seem to fall out about extending the house or something else. Then the father seems to leave for a while leaving the mother on her own with the two children. And she seems frustrated, and it seems that she goes across the road where we saw a man mowing a lawn earlier and has an extramarital affair. And then she comes back to the house but watching over the road the younger son sees what happened and the older brother asks what's wrong to the younger son. The youngest boy tells his brother and then it seems the dad comes back into their life and the older brother he's a late teenager. He's very upset with this father and the whole situation. He kind of withdraws from the family and then eventually he leaves home. The dad doesn’t seem to put up much of a fight, but the mother is very upset. And then he seems to come back the older brother and well, they try and appease the younger brother first. The father buys him a game console. Ironically it's a two-player version of a Nintendo 64 and the younger brother in frustration burns their honeymoon picture in the wood stove. The older brother comes back with what seems like his girlfriend or his fiancé or wife. Brings a present into the house, it must be a birthday reunion. The younger brother is annoyed with the older brother for leaving and he kind of ignores -- and ignores him. The older brother comes in. Says hello to the mom and dad. Notices that the honeymoon picture is gone, and the older brother speaks to his younger brother and tells him that his younger brother should leave home as well and come to live with him and so they leave. Again the father doesn't really do anything. The mom is very upset. And the father and the eldest brother argue and then the older brother leaves. Pulls up a blue van. It's odd that his fiancé didn't come into the house the whole time, but I suppose the story is about the family. And the younger brother leaves with the older brother and then the movie ends.

00:03:04	File end

