00:00:00

So I think this was my favorite video so far just because I like sci-fi. It's the most engaging and it's confusing. It makes me want to watch whatever the next episode is. So basically in this video she woke up in a clearly weird place whether it's aliens or a sort of government facility or something, we don't know. And she clearly doesn't know what's going on either. And then she's progressing through these rooms that kind of play out like some iPhone apps or other kind of games where you're figuring out the rules to the game once you see it. No one's there to explain what to do so you're just trying to—she's basically going through an escape room each time trying to figure out what the clue is to get to the next room. She progresses pretty much the way I think I would progress through it where at first you're confused and then you start progressing to the room and then somewhere along there you decide to roll over in bed and not get up. Although I think I probably would have stayed in bed for a lot more iterations than she did. And then eventually she got frustrated with one of them and tried to break through a wall and found another person who was going through the same thing. And then the video showed that in fact there's probably a lot of people in this grid-type building full of escape rooms. So it implies that they'll continue finding each other and then figure out a way out of the facility or the spaceship or whatever it was. Obviously it was a short video and there's a strong implication that you would have to keep watching. Basically everything is a setup just to get you engaged and confused and curious about what—where they are and what's happening. It was interesting and kind of a typical sci-fi thing to not give names and it's to identify yourself as like the number of cycles or something like that. So no names, no information about their back story or how they got there, just focusing on the events that are happening right then. Basically, it looks like an interesting pilot to a TV show. Although I'm not sure where they would go from there. It seems a little—it's a little too out there for me. Most of the sci-fi I watch is more stereotypical Stargate, Star Wars, Star Trek kind of things. That's the kind of show my dad actually likes with a lot more questions and a lot fewer answers, a lot more confusion. Usually I like my shows to have a little bit more character development.

00:03:03	File end

