00:00:00	

So the movie started with the older brother stealing the little girl's food and he seems to be mean overall. When they went to the bus stop and there was a kid that was using crutches and he went and stole his seat before he could sit down then he'd have to walk further in the bus. And throughout the movie he like seems like the bully especially to the little girl Tiny. But over time she had been reading a lot of books and she seems like a kid genius of some sort. And she is writing algorithms on a white board throughout and she's studying up on what she's doing. And further in the story the mom was cooking dinner, dinner was almost ready. The older brother was doing his homework while his lights start flickering. You can see that he is obviously getting scared of and he didn't know what was going to happen. The light turned off. He walked down the hall and he looked inside his sister Tiny's room, and she was welding. She just put like a screen on top of this metal contraption that she's built all the there's lightning outside and all the lights are flickering, and he seems very scared and hided behind the door. And then everything flashed, and they went back, and she had taken all the food from his plate and put it on hers while he sat down and in shock kind of and she was just there smiling eating the food. And then there's a flashing to a picture of her and the metal contraption that turned out to be a time machine and she was smiling and that was the end of the story. Overall she kind of throughout the movie Tiny had started out as this little girl who is quiet and kind of just took whatever her brother gave who is—she didn't stand up for herself. And she never said anything to her mom, she always just kind of did whatever the older brother did. And if he bullied her she would just take it because she knew she wouldn't be able to win that fight so she just kind of let it happen, win it over time. With the calendar that she had marked on the final day that she made the time machine to get her brother, so she finally stood up for herself and showed him that she wasn't this little baby.


00:03:01	File end

