00:00:00	

I felt kind of sad when I realized that the boy was consistently taking advantage of other people especially the first scene with the food. Although I think that's kind of human being an older brother myself. However once I noticed that he would even do that to people like the little child on the bus. I realized that he was more of a bully that just I guess not an occasional bully. He always seemed to try and take advantage of the situation. He would consistently race his sister downstairs to get the different food. He would use distraction to try to win that race although he would have thought without having to cheat. I admire the younger girl. She was very smart and very patient within her own role to take things— she didn't take things too personally as I thought she could have. She took things very well on the chin and kept her head up the entire time. Sadly a -- what was marked on the calendar she seemed to be very much looking forward to that field day or community day. I suppose that was the straw that broke the camel's back. Then before she tried to—where she successfully created some sort of time machine that was very cool, unique, inspiring and I don't know how she did it -- my own uses. She—the only thing I am confused about though was how exactly it worked. It seemed to be more of a teleportation device seeing as how she would be downstairs ready for the food but that was the only other thing -- that she was downstairs waiting as the brother was watching her do whatever with that time machine. she is very intelligent. The mother, I don't know. I can't say too much about her. She seemed very I don't want to say methodical but when her task was done she was very absent or absent-minded. She didn't seem to check up on the kids even after she heard a disturbance outside. She didn't make sure the kids were—she made sure they were fed but she wasn't really the picture all too much. She was like in a race as a bystander throughout it all.

00:03:06	File end

