00:00:00	

Speaker 1: In this film it starts out with what looks like a couple into a car arriving at a house. It appears to be somewhere in Europe. I'm basing that on the hot water heater I saw on their wall because I've seen those in Europe before. They're very affectionate to each other at the start. It's a man and a woman. The man has darker hair. The woman has blonder hair at the start. Over time it shows them growing in their relationship and growing in their home. It looks like they start out by having a child and things are somewhat difficult. It looks like the mother is home alone taking care of the crying baby. Then it goes on to their—just they have two children eventually. They appear to be somewhat close; they're playing with each other. Sometimes you see scenes where the mother and father characters are yelling or fighting with each other. It goes on to a scene with a birthday celebration where one of the kids is blowing out candles and it looks like they have a family around them that everyone seems very happy with. They go on to redesign the house it looks like themselves and the fighting tends to start around there I believe with all that and they constantly reference the house behind them in the background shot for some reason. There's one point where they show a woman in the window at the other house. I don't really know why they did that. Overall the story kind of shifts from the mother and father figures on to the children figures and their role. And they start out being very close and then it looks like one of the children has some issues with the father character where he's yelled at a large what looks like a holiday dinner because it was a lot of food like a huge feast. After that it looks like the older sibling, the brother moves out of the house and eventually comes back for a holiday celebration and ends up taking the younger brother with him. They appear to have been close and want to take care of each other. Overall in the house it was amazing was just like the kitchen or the living room area where most things happened. There's a large kind of brick wall behind it with a wood stove in it. During one of the scenes the brother after his—the younger brother after the older brother leaves throws a picture into the wood stove to destroy it symbolizing something. And you can overall see the father he goes from very casual clothing to wearing a suit or some sort of buttoned up clothing in a lot of it essentially showing that he is maturing over time. The mother is clearly very affectionate with the children constantly hugging her kids -- in the home. And she appears very emotionally distraught when the first son leaves and then when the second son leaves the father seems somewhat indifferent at all times but a little disappointed when the son leaves.
 
00:03:02	File end

