00:00:00	

Speaker 1:	 Okay, this reminds me a lot of that show Black Mirror. In fact it might even be part of a Black Mirror episode or something. And what I remember is the girl wakes up in bed. She has a variety of tasks. The first task is getting out of the room. And then the second task is about getting a key or a pick lock or whatever out of a balloon. Third is chopping down a tree or chopping into a wall and then she finds a boy so that's the overview. But it restarts every 60 seconds or so. It appears as though she gets a clone every time but there don't appear to be 60 people or whatever she's had 20 people in the room. So maybe you don't get—maybe it's not as direct each time there's a new person which it appears as though another person is in the same predicament has met and now they're chopping their way out. But then it's clear that they're kind of never going to get out and this is how it's going to be for a while at least. The film doesn't explain any background or any other stuff. The other thing I remember she sort of learns along the way that she learns about getting the water. And kind of her boobs upset me or not upset but like were weird looking so I kind of noticed that which is a little bit distracting. They were very oddly shaped. But otherwise she is—I noticed she was kind of a pretty girl, and she didn't appear to know why she was in the predicament that she was in. Other things in the room include a bed with a blanket, a table, a glass of water, that little mat thing that she could stand on to get out of the first room. The balloons were pink. I'm not sure that there's a lot of significance to the movie. I just kind of I more or less enjoyed it but sort of just followed along and tried to figure out what was going on. Maybe it's about the endless cycle of life that doesn't ever end and there's just another room of challenges or something deep like that. But it also might have just been some idea that a filmmaker had to confuse us, and you know use cool white rooms and grab at some sort of a sci-fi thing. I don't have a whole lot more to say about it. There wasn't much to it.

00:03:01	File end

