00:00:00	

I liked how everything was pretty much devoid of color. It was like you did a checkpoint where you needed to go or look at next. It was a pretty cool puzzle at least kind of the waking up every day and trying to figure out what every new minute. Trying to figure out what the next objective would be --. It was interesting because it reminded me of another television show that I watch called Black Mirror. There you had to use— most of it's about technology but this one was about the environment around you. And the character I feel like she was—she got acclimated to her environment fairly quickly. After I think the third iteration she was fairly aware like what she needed to do in order to get to the next room. Because then there was in that once I guess she realized that the game or whatever it was that was against her or testing her was more or less cheating she I guess had a moment to give up when she rested in the bed. And then in a fit of frustration that when she realized you can kind of break the game and I guess she broke the fourth wall if you will, which is kind of toward the end there when she and the other gentleman they looked back at the camera and asked if we want more. I liked the puzzle aspect of it, and I in terms of looking what was on the screen, I was trying not to focus on what they wanted me to focus on. I was trying to look everywhere else and see if there were any clues. I kind of picked up on the floor panel and the door, the first door seeing I think maybe one iteration before the main character did, the protagonist. And as far as the balloon I also figured that if there was a key there it was either one of the first balloons that dropped at least it would be fall heavier than the rest of the balloons. But then again she picked that up fairly quickly to see -- how to survive. So that was fairly cool. My only question would be what's the point of it all was? Apparently there are either many iterations or many people put to the test by the last scene where they the pan out at the very end there.

00:03:04	File end

