00:00:00	

Speaker 1:	Okay, so it seems like the overall gist of the film was that there's a brother and sister and the big brother is kind of a bully to his sister and is mean to other kids in general. We first see that with the dinner table how he gets to dinner early to steal half of his sister's food. Then you see it on the bus when he, his sister and it seems like another classmate get on and he ends up going towards the back of the bus but when he sees a kid who's disabled about to sit down he steals the kid's seat. Then you also see it at his foot race where he distracts his sister right before the air horn blows. So his sister is kind of late getting started on the race and he ends up winning. Although you get little snippets of the little sister who's name I think is Tiny, working on something. She seems like a frigging genius. And working on math equations and both he and you realize she's trying to build a time machine so she can kind of get back at her brother. She used it in the very last scene. She kind of resets time a little bit so she at the end can take half of her brother's food and overall it's kind of concerning there's no father in the picture. The mother's being very kind of uninvolved in her kid's life. Also strange that Tiny's little time machine was messing up the power only in her brother's room and not the entire house, kind of unrealistic. Also the mother is doing a pretty crappy job at feeding her kids. That was all like carbs, not going to be good for their future but it's just a short film. I mean if there was a moral of the story I would say probably the moral is don't pick on people because eventually they can probably get back at you and you won't like it. So probably treat others the way you would want to be treated otherwise it's going to come back to bite you. Yeah, just treat everyone with respect and kindness and don't underestimate your opponent because Tiny might be tiny, but she was very smart, and she ended up building a frigging time machine and beating her brother.

00:03:02	File end

