00:00:00	

Speaker 1:	 During the video a girl woke up in a bed and it seemed like she didn't know where she was. And then in the first trial it sort of felt claustrophobic to me and when the water glass fell off the table it kind of made me nervous. And then she sort of realized that there was this dot on the floor that might help her get out of the room. And it started counting down and she fell to the ground and woke up for the next trial in her bed again, but she still had the memory of the last trial. So then she woke up again and she noticed that herself from the last trial was this little shadow that was doing what she did last time. And she sort of figured out the system by the third or fourth was able to get on to the next room which was a bunch of pink balloons falling from the ceiling that she needed to pop to find the key that would open the door to the next room. And so she started popping as many as she could and her little shadow from the last trial was popping them too. And then she finally got the key and unlocks the door and she ended up in a room with a giant tree with an axe and she thought that the axe was to chop down the tree. So she was working to chop it down for like I don't know 16 trials. And then she got to one of the later iterations and realized that the tree was healing itself and that even though all of her past selves were working to chop it down it wasn't going to come down. And then sort of out of frustration she just threw the axe at the wall, and she realized that it wasn't like these window looking things, but it was sort of just like drywall that she could axe through. And as she was axing through it she got into this other room that was blank until another person came in, this man and the first thing that they did was hug each other probably because they were just excited to see another person and -- what was going on. And then after that they went into their next iteration, it was her 21st and his 65th and they decided to start chopping down another wall. And then the whole thing faded out to show a sort of grid system and it was overall confusing, but it was good production value, and it was sort of interesting to watch.

00:03:00	File end

