00:00:00	

Speaker 1:	So this film was about if you leave your kids unsupervised one will become a bully and because of that the other will become an evil genius. The little girl Tiny, you're supposed to feel bad for her the entire time but honestly she was kind of creepy. The older boy reminded of Dursley from Harry Potter. In the beginning he takes all of Tiny's food and Tiny doesn't like it, but she can't do anything about it. Later on in the bus there's a kid who needs a seat because he's disabled, and he rushes to get the seat. And he feels bad about it because he looks like he feels bad about it, but he wants the seat more than he feels bad about it. And him and Tiny shake their heads at him which is kind of weird I guess because it seems like she doesn't stand up for herself, but she does there. Doesn’t do anything about it. And then there's a race that they do and there's a countdown on the calendar and the race that they do it kind of looks like that was supposed to be the event on the calendar that she was counting down for. And it's supposed to show how he's much faster and stronger than her which obviously because he's older, also he eats all the food. Again, where is the parent here? See that's why you can't survive of that amount of food. So he wins the race, and she feels really bad about it which again, she shouldn't but I guess she's like an eight-year-old girl. And so then she goes off on a bender and then she starts making a time machine which special supervision it's fine. The mom's is the room reading her book ignoring everything that's going on between her kids and also they're British. And the whole ambiance in this movie is like first it kind of makes you feel bad but also it's kind of like the making of a supervillain, like it's kind of creepy. Eventually she starts the time machine and somehow the kid's supposed to bring it back though. She gets all of the food. I don't know if it's supposed to bring it back to the beginning of the film or bring it back to just a few seconds before. Very impressive at the beginning so but also she might have ruined the space time continuum so that's why you don't leave your kids unsupervised. They might turn into supervillains and also alienate their brothers.

00:03:03	File end

