00:00:00	

When this movie started I was trying to get a sense of the surroundings and I—it was because it seemed like the time setting was during the '70s. And then as I realized it was kind of going through time like with the couple having a baby and stuff. I was just thinking about how the home changes as the family changes as well. And I was able to pick up on that with how the camera was kind of moving around to different areas of the room and each time it was moving around we were able to see the decorations were a little bit different. That people were dressed differently and also getting older. There was one part where it started it was storming and raining and it shows the younger boy putting a smiley face on the window. And he saw something in his neighbor's house, someone opening up a window it looked like and then he seemed to kind of to be sad afterwards. That part kind of confused me because I know it's kind of like all right where's this going? What's going to happen next? I was also kind of feeling a minor sense of fear. I wasn't sure if something bad was going to happen. And then I remember too for the part where it feels like there's the older brother left the family just to stay kind of—it seemed like the mom kind of was trying to put up a little bit of a fight that she didn't want him to leave. She was really sad, so I felt sad for her for that. I'm sure that would be tough as a mom when your kid wants to leave, and you don't want them to. But I wasn't really able to really pick up the reason why he's so adamant on leaving. And then I recognized the joy in her when he came back home but it also seemed like the younger brother was a little respectful after. That's kind of what got from his body language. But then I also wasn't sure where the plot was going because it showed the two of them embracing and that the—it was probably I think the older brother wanted to take the younger brother with him. And there again she was a mom kind of it looked like they were arguing back and forth and then the younger brother went with the older brother. But it was unclear to me why they felt like they needed to leave because I didn't necessarily—besides one part where it looked like the parents were arguing when they were redoing the house. It didn't look like there wasn't necessarily anything bad about their family dynamic.

00:03:03	File end

