00:00:00	

The video starts off with a couple pulling up in a car. It seems like it's their first house. And it starts to depict their whole lives together and what occurs in the house. So it goes from like giving a gift to having—to the wife getting pregnant, to her having a kid, to the first birthday and it keeps going from there. And you can see the—they end up having a second kid and you can see that both the kids starting to grow up and they are watching TV together. They're—have their little pug on their lap while the parents try to decide on renovations for the house. It progresses where the father's doing renovations and most of the house changes. After that there's a time where you can see the parents arguing and it seems like from that point forward that the father might have left but later in the scenes you can see he reappears and he's back with the family. And throughout the whole thing the house changes a lot, and the oldest son has grown up and he's a teenager at this point. And he's kind of done living with his parents and listening to what they have to say. Especially because their father seems to kind of neglect both of the children and he is invested more in his work, and he doesn't give them enough time. So the oldest son decides to move out even though the mother doesn't want him to, but the father does not seem to care and kind of gave him the cold shoulder, so he moves out. And the youngest son he's kind of hurt and kind of lonely and bored without his brother there. And his parents try to give him a Nintendo 64 and it doesn't cheer him up. And then he ends up going and putting a picture that was hanging on their wall. It seems like it might have been of the place originally and he put it in the fire. When the oldest brother comes to visit, and he I think tells his little brother that he can come live with them or something and the parents are not very happy. And the mother tries to stop them, but the dad hits back and the movie ends with the two brothers going off in the truck and leaving the house and the parents behind.

00:03:04	File end

