00:00:00

Okay, so that movie was actually—or short movie film whatever it was, was actually pretty cool. It reminded me very much of Black Mirror. At first she did not seem like she did not want to be in that situation, but she definitely made it through. Very much persevered even though she did almost give up at the kind of close to the end of the tree. But very, very smart to learn pretty quickly because I think the guy said he was somewhere in the 60 range, and she was still in the 20s. I'm not quite sure if I heard him right though. Though for her to be able to figure out a lot of that stuff really, really that was kind of impressive. I'm not going to lie the first time she swung at the tree was kind of amusing and her feet did freak me out a lot during the first half for some reason. I don't know how else to explain that. That for some reason her feet stick out to me a lot and I don't really like feet. I never understood the meaning behind the tattoo. I don't know probably with those two I don't know if that was just like a code for them or what that was about. The glass of water was always one of the first things to pretty much fly off the shelf or table stand whatever it's called. The balloon thing was kind of a letdown. I found that to be the most boring part for some reason. But she did pretty good noticing that the balloon with the key actually fell down a lot faster than everything else. I didn't know much for the guy he was kind of there. I didn't know like when I first saw him he was trying to go for a romance but I'm kind of glad he didn't. They were just trying to escape or what with what seemed like hundreds of other simulations going on at the moment. Kind of reminded me of a beehive in a sense but instead of like the what are they? Hexagon, or I don't know -- rings. They were cubes which was interesting. Kind of reminds me of like office job work where you kind of step into a cube. It's kind of having to do the same monotonous thing every single day and it seems like there's really no escape. I don't know the hidden meaning behind this, but it was definitely interesting, very Black Mirrorish, very Groundhog Day type deal.

00:03:03	File end

