00:00:00	

Speaker 1:	 I believe it started with the penguin egg timer and the mother making dinner or lunch or dinner it seems like dinner at 6:00. Before the two children, the children come in the older brother I guess comes in and takes the food from one plate and moves it on to his plate. Then his I assume sister, who I assume her name is Tiny comes in at the dissatisfaction of having less food. And the brother menacingly, maliciously gazes at her then he eats the food. Then the next day they're going off to school. The brother wanted his—the sister the brother and the handicapped student then they get on the bus and the brother gets on first, heads to the back. Then the sister is offering the seat to the handicapped kid and then to prevent that the brother comes back and takes the seat from him. And the sister and the handicapped kid are looking upon him with some sense of shame and regret, et cetera. Then soon after that they're back at the house and so I believe the calendar was being marked off for this eventual day. Then the brother and sister are at the sporting event where the brother sabotages his sister's attempt by distracting her to look at her mother. And the race occurs, and the brother wins, and Tiny as she's called is looking despondent. Then we're back at the house and the power is going on and off and the both children have this very regular sense to do their homework. The math they're doing actually seems rather advanced for the age of the children but eventually you start to see the sister Tiny create this machine. The brother—actually before the machine then there was the electrical outage at the house and with Tiny playing with the two it looked like jumper cables. Then later on the brother wakes up and—or not wakes up. He's doing his homework and so before dinner is served at 6:00 he goes over to Tiny's room. Tiny's making the machine although it looks like this big pyramid machine with the tablet and then eventually we find out it is a time machine. She goes back and eats the dinner.

00:03:03	File end

